

Lorna Jack, the chief executive of the Law Society, is optimistic about working with the Scottish Legal Complaints Commission

Slow. Cumbersome. Expensive. Fails to deliver for solicitors or clients. A critique of legal regulation from a customer? No, it’s the departed Law Society of Scotland president Eilidh Wiseman describing the system of regulation as she welcomed the independent review set up by the Scottish government. The system is in bad shape and the review is not seen as a quick fix.

The group will report by the end of next year, with a government response and legislative timetable to follow. Some feel this is too long. Others accept it’s a huge job and think the timescale makes a positive outcome more likely.

Lorna Jack, chief executive of the Law Society, says: “We are working with acts from 1980, 2007 and 2010. It’s clumsy. The…


~_~


Tony Blair should be prosecuted for the "unnecessary" and "unlawful" Iraq war, the High Court in London was told yesterday.

Lawyers for General Abdul Wahed Shannan Al Rabbat, Iraq's chief of staff under Saddam Hussein, said the former prime minister had committed "the crime of aggression" by invading in 2003.

Rabbat is seeking permission to launch a private prosecution against Blair, together with former foreign secretary Jack Straw and Lord Goldsmith, attorney general at the time, reports The Independent. The move was blocked last year by Westminster magistrates court, which ruled Blair would have immunity from any criminal charges.

That attempt followed the publication of the Chilcot inquiry, which said Blair had taken the UK to war on the false claim that Iraq posed an imminent threat to the West.

"After the Chilcot report was released some families of British service personnel who lost their lives in Iraq said they wanted Blair prosecuted in the courts," The Guardian says.

Rabbat's lawyer, Michael Mansfield, told the High Court that "Saddam Hussein did not pose an urgent threat to the UK, intelligence reporting about [Iraqi] weapons of mass destruction was presented with unwarranted certainty, that the war was unnecessary and that the UK undermined the authority of the UN security council", reports The Guardian.

Mansfield added: "Nothing could be more emphatic than these findings. It was an unlawful war."

Attorney General Jeremy Wright says the general's case is "hopeless" and unarguable because the crime of aggression is not recognised in English law and urged the Lord Chief Justice to block the challenge.

Who is General Rabbat?

Rabbat was governor of Nineveh province when the US-led invasion began in 2003.

He "lives in Oman, does not possess a passport and could not be at the hearing", says The Sun. "But the courtroom was filled with citizens from Middle Eastern countries who are supporting his bid for a private prosecution against the architects of the war."

Will Blair's immunity be overturned?

Lawyers for the Attorney General argue that the crime of aggression, while existing in international law, has never been included in English law by parliament. They cited a 2006 House of Lords ruling, R v Jones, which unanimously found that the international crime of aggression is not an offence under domestic legislation in the UK

However, says The Guardian, "the government's stance appears to be undermined by Lord Goldsmith", who, in a memo from 2003 on the legality of the war, "appeared to concede the key point of those now seeking his prosecution".

Goldsmith wrote: "Aggression is a crime under customary international law which automatically forms part of domestic law."

The two judges ruling on the case said they would give their decision at a later date.


~_~


Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.


~_~


Russia has announced a new recruitment drive for astronauts in the hope they will be the first Russians to land on the Moon.

The country's space agency Roscosmos is looking for six to eight astronauts who will operate a new-generation spaceship now in development. They "will become the first Russians to fly to the Moon," reports The Guardian.

Russia is keen to rekindle the space triumphs of the Soviet era after a series of embarrassing glitches in recent years, says France24.

It has set 2031 as the target date for its first manned Moon landing.

There are several stages of selection. The successful candidates will have to demonstrate good English and computer knowledge, and have the ability to learn all about spacecrafts and how they operate.

"A high standard of fitness is a must and would-be astronauts have to cross-country ski for 5km," says The Guardian.

Candidates will also have to fit very specific physical standards, says the Calvert Journal. "They have to be 150 to 190 cm tall, weigh between 50 and 90 kilos, and wear shoe size UK 11 or smaller."

After the December deadline, Roscosmos will begin the selection process. Once the six to eight astronauts are selected, the group will attend the Yuri A. Gagarin State Scientific Research-and-Testing Cosmonaut Training Center in the outskirts of Moscow to prepare.

This is the 17th recruitment call for Russian astronauts. The last one took place in 2012, says Newsweek.

Of the 30 members of Russia's current astronaut team, 14 have never gone into outer space.


~_~





~_~


Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.


~_~


Just months after many people expected Samsung to completely retire the Note brand, the company is set to launch refurbished units of the disastrous Galaxy Note 7.

The handset, as we all know, was recalled after several devices caught fire, then re-issued with apparently safe new batteries that also turned out to be highly dangerous, before being recalled again, banned on flights across the world, and eventually discontinued.

Or apparently not. Samsung has decided to resurrect the handset with a slightly new name, in the hope that enough time has passed and assurances have been made to convince consumers that they should buy the Note 7 over any other phone on the market.

What went wrong with the original?

Samsung conducted a lengthy investigation into the matter and, as widely expected, a multitude of battery faults were to blame.

The first issues were traced back to the batteries manufactured by Samsung subsidiary Samsung SDI.

Samsung said the main problem with them was that “the negative electrode was deflected in the upper-right corner”, but added that an incorrectly located negative electrode tip was an issue too.

The company’s response to the initial wave of explosion reports was to expand production of Note 7s equipped with batteries made by a separate supplier, Hong Kong-based Amperex Technology. Unfortunately, these were also faulty.

“High welding burrs on the positive electrode resulted in the penetration of the insulation tape and separator which then caused direct contact between the positive tab with the negative electrode,” explained Samsung in January, adding that a number of Amperex Technology-made Note 7s were also missing insulation tape.

Safety checks

The Note 7 catastrophe prompted multiple grovelling apologies from Samsung executives, and led to the firm pushing back the launch of the Galaxy S8.

Before its unveiling, the company announced its new ‘8-Point Battery Safety Check’, a rather dull breakdown of its manufacturing process designed to convince consumers that none of the huge errors it made with the Note 7 would ever happen again.

Unfortunately for Samsung, it also had the effect of causing an increasing number of them to question why such a process wasn’t already in place.

The ‘new’ Galaxy Note 7

Following months of rumours, Samsung has confirmed that it will re-launch the Note 7 as the Note 7 ‘Fan Edition’ on 7 July.

It’s a bizarre choice of name, which has led some to joke that Samsung might not have had a problem if the original Note 7 had been fitted with a fan.

The company has decided not to build a completely new phone, but to refurbish recalled and unsealed Note 7 handsets with unused components and batteries that “have passed new safety measures”.

These batteries will have a lower capacity to the 3,500mAh batteries that powered the original, with 3,200mAh being suggested by some reports.

Other than that and the addition of the so-far highly disappointing Bixby voice assistant, the models are expected to be exactly the same, featuring the same 5.7-inch Quad HD display and 12-megapixel camera that won so much praise when the phone first launched.

Unsurprisingly, it won't cost as much as the original. Samsung is yet to announce official numbers, but recent reports say it will be available for around £470, far less than the £699 it retailed for at launch.

Whether that's enough of a price reduction to persuade people to purchase what will be a year-old phone with a dangerous reputation remains to be seen.


~_~


Bovis reiterated today that it is slowing its rate of production to deal with issues of build quality Rui Vieira/PA

Bovis Homes has set aside a further £3.5 million to cover compensation and remedial work for customers affected by its poor-quality building as it tries to move on from a scandal that rocked the housebuilder at the start of the year.

In January, Bovis was discovered to be offering customers as much as £3,000 to move into unfinished homes in a desperate attempt to reach City targets of building 4,000 homes a year.

The cash offer was revealed days after the housebuilder’s chief executive, David Ritchie, had unexpectedly resigned after a shock post-Christmas profit warning.

Customers who were asked by Bovis to complete on their homes early claimed there were many issues with the properties, including windows still needing to be installed, gardens or porches…


~_~


US pop star Ariana Grande has paid tribute to Saffie Roussos, the youngest victim of the Manchester Arena bombing.

The eight-year-old was with her family when suicide bomber Salman Abedi detonated a home-made device, killing 22 people including seven children.

Following a concert in Buenos Aires on Wednesday, Grande tweeted: “Saffie, we're (thinking) of you baby” alongside a birthday cake emoji.

The youngster, from Leyland, Lancashire, would have celebrated her ninth birthday on 4 July.

To mark the occasion her family chose to speak out, paying tribute to Saffie and remembering how she had looked forward to the concert.

What's newwwww, Buenos Aires

Argentina, I love you

☁️

Saffie, we're 💭 of you baby 🎂 https://t.co/UgMSWqxesf — Ariana Grande (@ArianaGrande) July 6, 2017

Her older sister, Ashlee Bromwich, said the super fan was “elated” as she watched her idol on perform on 22 May.

“She was Ariana Grande-obsessed, so to see how happy she was, it was just... obviously I had to go with her,” she told the BBC.

Her father, Andrew Roussos, said: “You couldn't be out with Saffie without having fun, but her dream was to be famous. It was her everything and we bought her the tickets for Christmas.

“She was just counting the days, the seconds and it was just Ariana Grande until nine, 10 o'clock at night. And she would sing and dance every single song.”

The explosion ripped through the arena foyer as thousands of fans, mostly young girls, left the venue following Grande's performance.

Mr Roussos, who said “all hell broke loose” after the bombing, was later told by a police detective that Saffie had died.

Manchester explosion in pictures







37 show all Manchester explosion in pictures







































































1/37 People running down stairs as they attempt to exit the Manchester Arena after a blast, where U.S. singer Ariana Grande had been performing, in Manchester Twitter/@ZACH_BRUCE/ via REUTERS

2/37 Helpers attend to people inside the Manchester Arena after a suspected suicide bomber detonated an explosive device at the end of an Ariana Grande concert, killing 22 people PA wire

3/37 Armed officers guard outside a hotel near the Manchester Arena following reports of an explosion, in Manchester, Britain EPA

4/37 Police officers are seen outside the Manchester Arena, where U.S. singer Ariana Grande had been performing, in Manchester, northern England Reuters

5/37 Getty Images

6/37 Getty Images

7/37 Getty Images

8/37 AFP/Getty Images

9/37 Police and fans close to the Manchester Arena, after reports of an explosion Getty Images

10/37 There have been reports of explosions at Manchester Arena where Ariana Grande had performed Getty Images

11/37 Police deploy at scene of explosion in Manchester, England, at a concert in Manchester Arena AFP/Getty Images

12/37 Police stand by a cordoned off street close to the Manchester Arena Getty Images

13/37 Police deploy at scene of explosion in Manchester, England AFP/Getty Images

14/37 Police deploy at scene of a reported explosion during a concert in Manchester, England, on May 23, 2017. British police said early May 23 there were "a number of confirmed fatalities" after reports of at least one explosion during a pop concert by US singer Ariana Grande. Ambulances were seen rushing to the Manchester Arena venue and police added in a statement that people should avoid the area AFP/Getty Images

15/37 An ambulance drives away from the Manchester Arena, where U.S. singer Ariana Grande had been performing, in Manchester Reuters

16/37 Police escort members of the public from the Manchester Arena in Manchester, England. Getty Images

17/37 A woman sits in the street in a blanket near the Manchester Arena as police guard the area following reports of an explosion, in Manchester, Britain EPA

18/37 Two women wrapped in thermal blankets stand near the Manchester Arena, where US singer Ariana Grande had been performing, in Manchester Reuters

19/37 A Royal Logistic Corps (RLC) bomb disposal robot is unloaded outside the Manchester Arena following reports of an explosion, in Manchester. At least 19 people have been confirmed dead and others 50 were injured, authorities said. It is being treated as a terrorist incident until police know otherwise EPA

20/37 A Royal Logistic Corps (RLC) bomb disposal robot is unloaded outside the Manchester Arena following reports of an explosion, in Manchester EPA

21/37 Members of the public receive treatment from emergency service staff at Victoria Railway Station close to the Manchester Arena on May 23, 2017 in Manchester, England. There have been reports of explosions at Manchester Arena where Ariana Grande had performed this evening. Greater Manchester Police have have confirmed there are fatalities and warned people to stay away from the area Getty Images

22/37 Armed police after a suspected terrorist attack at the Manchester Arena at the end of a concert by US star Ariana Grande left 19 dead PA wire

23/37 Emergency services arrive close to the Manchester Arena in Manchester Getty Images

24/37 An amoured police vehicle patrols near Manchester Arena in Manchester Getty Images

25/37 A man carries a young girl on his shoulders near Victoria station in Manchester AFP/Getty Images

26/37 Police officers stand at the Miller Street and Corporation Street Crossroads, in front of the Manchester Arena in Manchester, England Getty Images

27/37 Police block a road near to the Manchester Arena in central Manchester, England AP

28/37 Armed police patrol near Victoria station in Manchester, northwest England. Twenty two people have been killed and dozens injured after a suspected suicide bomber targeted fans leaving a concert of US singer Ariana Grande in Manchester Getty Images

29/37 Police forensic officers leave the Manchester Arena as they investigate the scene of an explosion in Manchester Getty Images

30/37 A forensic officer collects evidence on a walkway between Victoria station and Manchester Arena following a deadly terror attack in Manchester, Getty Images

31/37 A woman and a young girl wearing a t-shirt of US singer Ariana Grande talks to police near Manchester Arena following a deadly terror attack in Manchester, Getty Images

32/37 EPA

33/37 Mayor of Greater Manchester Andy Burnham and Manchester City Council Leader Sir Richard Leese speak to the media outside Manchester Town Hall after a suicide bomber killed 22 people, including children, as an explosion tore through fans leaving a pop concert in Manchester Dave Higgens/PA Wire

34/37 The media gather behind a police cordon in Manchester Getty Images

35/37 Flowers left close to the Manchester Arena, the morning after a suicide bomber killed 22 people, including children, as an explosion tore through fans leaving a pop concert in Manchester Danny Lawson/PA Wire

36/37 Ariana Grande concert attendees Karen Moore and her daughter Molly Steed, aged 14, from Derby, leave the Park Inn where they were given refuge after last night's explosion at Manchester Arena Getty

37/37 Signs saying 'We love Manchester' are displayed in a window in Manchester, England Getty Images

“We've lost everything. We have, we've lost everything, because life will just never be the same,” he said.

Press Association


~_~


Thousands of people flocked to the ancient site of Stonehenge this morning to see sunrise on the summer solstice, the longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere.

The UK will experience 16 hours and 38 minutes of daylight today – as well as record-breaking temperatures. Here's what else to expect from the ancient pagan festival:



The origin of the summer solstice

The name derives from the Latin words for sun, "sol", and "sistere", meaning "to stand still". In the West, its festivals are associated with pagans, for whom the longest day had both practical and religious significance. It was a fixed point around which the planting and harvesting of crops could be planned, but also marked the spiritual side of the shifting of the seasons.

The significance of Stonehenge

The ancient structure in Wiltshire is thought to have been designed in part to honour the earth's solstices and equinoxes and has been a sacred place of worship and celebration for the summer solstice for thousands of years.

"In addition to the large events at major sites such as Stonehenge, many more Pagans hold small ceremonies in open spaces, everywhere from gardens to woodlands," says the BBC.

Traditions and beliefs

Pagans have always believed the summer solstice holds a special power, says the Daily Telegraph. "It was believed to be a time when the veil between this world and the next is at its thinnest and when fairies were thought to be at their most powerful," according to the newspaper.

Singing, dancing, and music are central to present-day celebrations across Europe. The summer solstice is a national holiday in Sweden and Finland, where it is known as Midsummer's Eve. Homes are cleaned and decorated with flowers, and many people throw midsummer parties around bonfires.

Hottest solstice in history?

As Britain basks in a heatwave, forecasters are predicting that today's temperatures could break records. "If the mercury surpasses the 31.7C recorded at Camden Square, north London, in 1936, it will be the hottest summer solstice on record," says the Daily Telegraph.

The record for June as a whole was set in 1976, when temperatures reached 35.6C in Southampton.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Yesterday social media seethed with anger and contempt over a tomato salad. Yes, Nigella Lawson had posted a picture of her “old-fashioned tomato salad” on Instagram, and many responded like this Facebook user: “I REALLY hope this is a joke!? This is a dish of cherry tomatoes cut in half, with a squirt of salad cream . . . get over youself for goodness sake!!!”

Lawson has form for outraging the public with her salad recipes — remember her deconstructed caesar one made of burnt lettuce with a fried egg on top? — but frankly the criticism seemed deeply unfair. Weren’t tomatoes and salad cream a British summer classic — albeit more Essex than Knightsbridge — ripe for celebration?

I’ve always loved salad cream, although…


~_~


UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.


~_~


Ferrari has launched an entry-level turbo variant of its GTC4 Lusso shooting-brake - and it's already getting rave reviews from the critics.

The GTC4 Lusso is aimed at attracting a younger demographic who want an everyday car with a "sporty" edge, says the car company.

It's also expected to be a hit in China, reports Car, as the smaller and more economical turbo engine will avoid "heavy tax penalties" placed on vehicles with large engines.

Ferrari has swapped-out the range-topper's naturally aspirated V12 motor with a 3.9-litre twin-turbo V8. While it loses 80bhp from its V12 sibling's 682bhp power output, the V8 model boosts the torque output from 514lb-ft to 560lb-ft.

The GTC4 Lusso T also does away with the V12's all-wheel drive system in favour of a rear-wheel drive set-up, coupled to a seven-speed automatic gearbox that takes the 3,836lbs car go from zero to 62mph in 3.5secs and on to a top speed of 199mph.

It also undercuts the V12 by £30,000 - but how does it compare to its sibling on the road?

Evo says that while the GTC4 Lusso T drops four cylinders on its range-topping sibling, it "is only fractionally slower" thanks to the company's "Variable Boost Management system".

As this reduces lag, a common side effect of turbocharging, it allows the shooting-brake to rev all the way to 7,500rpm - 500rpm shy of the mid-engined Ferrari 488.

The seven-speed dual-clutch gearbox gives the same "thumping" changes as the V12 model, while the rear-wheel steering makes the car feel "appreciably more agile" than the all-wheel drive layout as the range-topping GTC4, continues the magazine.

Autocar agrees, praising the car's poise and sharper steering response. However, it adds, grip at the rear-end is "somewhat less secure" and the tractional control system will often step in to prevent a skid.

Running the Lusso T in comfort mode can make it unexpectedly "float", but a "quick stab at a steering wheel button" will stiffen the springs and while the suspension isn't particularly quiet, this could be a symptom of the car's tyre width.

In its review, AutoExpress says the "compliant" ride deteriorates once driven on a motorway and that the car is not very comfortable when dealing with bumps in the road. The wheels also have "a tendency to tramline".

Nevertheless, it adds, the engine is almost silent when cruising along at 70mph and the V8 engine jumps into life when the throttle is planted.

Orders are open now for the GTC4 Lusso T, with Top Gear reporting that prices start "a whisker under £200,000".

Ferrari reveals GT4C Lusso at Geneva

2 March

Latest creation is a reworked version of the FF – and it's a big hit with the critics

Ferrari's latest creation has taken to the stage at the Geneva Motor Show.

The GT4C Lusso shooting brake is essentially a renamed and reworked Ferrari FF with a facelift, built on the practical four-wheel drive V12 curio platform of its predecessor.

Front and rear have been tidied up quite extensively. A new, 488 GTB-inspired headlamp setup flanks a redesigned front grille, while at the back, tail-light clusters replace the big, round singular modules found on the FF. There is also a new rear diffuser and subtle lip spoiler.

The revisions have been a big success with critics. Autoblog says that getting Shooting Brake designs right is hard: "The Ferrari FF might have come closer than most, but even the most dedicated of tifosi [Ferrari fans] would have to admit it was a little awkward. The new GTC4 Lusso goes a long way towards setting that right."

The interior gets a slight rethink, marked out mostly by the new infotainment system in the form of a 10ins touchscreen. But there's changes underneath the skin, too.

Ferrari has bestowed the GT4C with an extra 29bhp over the FF for a total power output of 680bhp from its naturally aspirated 6.3-litre V12. It makes 0-62mph in 3.4 seconds and tops out at 208mph.

The four-wheel drive system has also received a tweak and now benefits from four-wheel steering and the addition of a slip-slide control system.

Prices have yet to be confirmed, but £230,000 seems likely.

The reveal of a four-wheel-drive four-seater has begged the inevitable questions over a Ferrari SUV – but the company's top brass has been quick to dismiss the idea.

According to Car magazine, Fiat group chief executive Sergio Marchionne has unequivocally ruled out any future Ferrari SUV or crossover, despite many of the firm's rivals jumping on the bandwagon.

"Whatever we do, we must not damage Ferrari as a supercar-maker," he said

However, he did indicate that Ferrari is actively considering new directions – although none of them lead down the electric road. Marchionne has ruled that out too, says CNN.


~_~



If you drew up a list of preconditions for recession, it would include the following: a labor market at full strength, frothy asset prices, tightening central banks, and a pervasive sense of calm.

In other words, it would look a lot like the present.

Those of us who have lived through economic mayhem before feel our muscle memory twitch at times like this. Consider the worrisome absence of worry. “Implied volatility”...


~_~


OUR POLICY TOWARDS THE USE OF COOKIES

All Clarivate Analytics websites use cookies to improve your online experience. They were placed on your computer when you launched this website. You can change your cookie settings through your browser.


~_~


The organisers of the Los Angeles 2024 Olympic bid have denied conceding defeat to rivals Paris after bid leader Casey Wasserman said the city would be happy to stage the event in 2028.

Speaking yesterday, Wasserman said: "LA 2024 has never been only about LA or 2024. Even when the issue of a dual award for the 2024 and 2028 Games was initially raised, we didn't say, 'It's LA first' or 'It's now or never' for LA. That sounds like an ultimatum.

"We could have used that strategy, but we didn't because we thought it was presumptuous to tell the IOC [International Olympic Committee] what to do and how to think. We're better partners than that."

Although the LA bid team have denied Wasserman's statement amounts to a concession to Paris, it has been interpreted as a pitch for the 2028 Games.

The IOC is expected this week to announce it will take the unusual step of choosing the host cities for both 2024 and 2028 at a meeting in Peru in September.

However, there has been an "apparent lack of interest in staging sport's biggest event, as well as years of bad publicity about spiralling costs and unused venues", reports the BBC.

In order to secure the future of the event, the committee will "consider taking advantage of these two strong bids [Paris and LA] by giving them a Games each".

Finding a host for 2024 has proved a struggle. "The attraction of hosting the Olympics has dimmed in recent years with huge expenses and redundant venues haunting the IOC," says The Guardian. "Hamburg, Rome, Budapest and Boston have all dropped out of the bidding process for 2024, partly due to protests from citizens concerned their cities would be saddled with debts."

Paris is adamant it wants the Games in 2024, the 100th anniversary of the last time it hosted the event. It also claims the site it has earmarked for the athletes' village will not be available after 2024.

Meanwhile, several IOC members are concerned about the presidency of Donald Trump, who could feasibly still be in office in 2024.

"For much of its campaign, LA 2024 has sought to play the role of the good guy, distancing itself from the arrogant 'ugly American' tag hung on previous unsuccessful US bids, says the LA Times.

"This stance becomes even more relevant at a time when President Trump has rankled leaders around the world.

"Wednesday's statement continued LA 2024's strategy while also serving as a thinly veiled dig at Paris, which has repeatedly pushed back against the idea of accepting 2028. But none of that diminishes that Wasserman clearly signalled a willingness to cooperate with the potential two-winner arrangement. The timing is significant."


~_~


Soaring 'Hive' exhibit blends intimate details into its giant scale A soaring exhibit of stacked cardboard tubes shaped into three hive-like interconnected structures will make its debut on Thursday at a Washington, D.C., museum as part of its annual interactive art installation series. |

Turkey protests Berlin art installation targeting Erdogan ISTANBUL Turkey on Tuesday condemned as incitement to violence an art installation in front of the German Chancellery that portrayed President Tayyip Erdogan as a dictator, a few days before he is due to attend a G20 summit in Germany.

Sand sculpture festival brings super-heroes to Belgian beach OSTEND, Belgium A beach in Belgium has been transformed into a giant sandy gallery, featuring larger-than-life super heroes, cartoon characters and Cinderella's castle, for one of the world's biggest sand-sculpture festivals.

London's V&A goes underground for new gallery LONDON London's Victoria and Albert Museum has built a vast, underground exhibition space as part of a 55 million pound ($70 million) refurbishment. |

As art flies off the walls at Basel, buyers beware, experts warn BASEL, Switzerland "When did so many people start caring about contemporary art?" wondered Marc Glimcher, head of the Pace gallery empire, as he busily made deals at Art Basel's VIP preview this week. |

Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design NEW YORK A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.

The London gallery shining a light on neon art LONDON On the flick of a flurry of switches, a studio on a gray industrial estate in East London lights up to reveal hundreds of bright neon artworks. |

Street artists bring color to Israeli and Jordanian streets ARAD, Israel With large murals of black cats and colorful gurning faces, a group of traveling international artists are bringing a splash of colorful street art to towns in Israel and Jordan.


~_~


3:57

Living With the Original iPhone... in 2017

Back in 2007, the iPhone was revolutionary. But what about using that same phone in 2017? WSJ's Joanna Stern locked up her iPhone 7 and attempted to make it through the day. Photo: Drew Evans/The Wall Street Journal.


~_~


If you want your photography and videos to become even more immersive, then 360-degree cameras are for you. Whether you're trying to capture a cityscape from a high viewpoint, recreate the experience of an amazing gig with footage that captures both the crowd and the band, or cover all angles while filming some extreme sport, this emerging market has you covered.

360-degree cameras and videos can be split broadly into two camps: single and dual lens. The former avoids the need to stitch images together, although it does sometimes leave blackspots around the edges where no images have been captured. The latter can achieve full 360-degree coverage, although with some cheaper models you can tell that the images have been stitched together.

Once you’ve taken your 360-degree videos and pictures, the next question is how to view and share them. The ever-growing world of virtual reality offers an ideal way to relive the memories you've captured, while social media sites like Facebook and YouTube have 360 functionality (that said, other apps such as Instagram don't support 360 images themselves, although some third party apps can help with that).

We tested the following cameras taking into account a number of criteria: how practical and simple they are to use, whether they require further apps or software to use, what features they boast (such as 4K video), how long the battery life is, and overall value for money. Each of them were tested in open landscapes as well within the urban environment of London.

Something to bear in mind: as many of these cameras are small, handheld devices, it may be wise to invest in a monopod to help them reach higher viewpoints.

1. Samsung Gear 360: £219, Samsung

Launched alongside the Galaxy S8 earlier this year, this dual-lens camera is a significant upgrade on the previous 360 offering from Samsung. It shoots video in 4K Ultra HD at 24fps, and the still images look great, with minimal stitching visible, but still some blindspots. There are five different shooting modes – stills, video, time-lapses, looping videos and panoramas – which are chosen either on the camera or on a smartphone. The easy-to-use app, which you need to run the camera, is available for Android and iOS (the latter was missing previously). With an updated oblong shape, it’s comfortable to hold and somewhat negates the need for a monopod. It’s also got a huge capacity, with a microSD slot allowing for up to 256GB, and battery life should last you for around two hours – so make sure you head out knowing what you want to shoot. The small display can take some getting used to, but it’s a minor niggle of an excellent all-rounder.

Buy now

2. Ricoh Theta SC: £219, John Lewis

This is the slightly simplified version of Ricoh’s already user-friendly 360 camera, the Theta S. This dual-lens camera is very similar to its predecessor, with the main difference being an absence of microSD slot for extra memory (the internal memory is 8GB). It also has a slightly cheaper feel than the S (as you’d expect for a cheaper price), but this is still a light (102g) and ergonomic piece of kit. The 14-megapixel resolution is sharp, and although it doesn’t shoot in 4K, the colours are still vivid, the stitching is impressive and the video is captured at 30fps. You can shoot either video or still images simply with the press of a single button, and then share it on social media thanks to the wi-fi connectivity. You can also control the camera through the Theta app, which is clearly and simply laid out, as well as available on both iOS and Android. Overall, this is a great first camera to have. Comes in three different colours.

Buy now

3. LG 360 Cam: £179.99, Argos

Another easy-to-use, cheaper alternative is offered by LG (it runs best with an LG phone, but you can also use an iPhone, for example). This camera has dual lenses (but they only cover 200 degreees, so the stitching effect isn’t very noticeable), and the 13-megapixel cameras gives sharp still images, and works well for the 2K, 30fps videos it shoots. The handle design is easy to grip and the minimal buttons on the camera itself means the app is important to use – it runs smoothly and allows you to preview and review shots and videos. It’s also compatible with YouTube and Google Street View, with wi-fi connectivity. We found it gave around 90 minutes of battery life, which is pleasing considering the price. Although it can’t compete with the 4K alternatives, it’s an enjoyable, budget-friendly camera which is great for first-timers.

Buy now

4. 360Fly 4K: £489, Currys

The single-lens camera would be a wise purchase if you’re looking to capture the great outdoors with your camera. It works under water, and also boasts an accelerometer, an electronic compass, its own GPS (great for geo-tagging your images) and a gyroscope to provide extra stability (that said, because of its spherical shape it would be best to invest in some sort of mount for it). It shoots video in 4K Ultra HD at 30fps, and at the same quality for still images (although the images are not stitched, the field of view is limited to 240 degrees, so there are small blindspots). There is one button to start and stop shooting, which makes it super simple to use – to change the shooting mode, you have to go via the intuitive app, available on both iOS and Android. You can also use it share your images and videos of YouTube and Facebook thanks to wi-fi and Bluetooth capability. It has an internal memory of 64GB.

Buy now

5. Nikon KeyMission 360: £419, Currys

Firmly placed within the world of action cameras, this camera can be submerged to a depth of 30m, and is both freeze- and shock-proof, all while remaining relatively light at just 198g. It shoots video in 4K HD at 24fps, and we found it delivered some of the very best footage on our test. However, its still images, shot with a dual-lens, had visible stitching marks. There’s a microSD slot rather than internal memory, and the battery life is only around an hour, although there are interchangeable batteries which is great for when you’re on the go. It isn’t the most intuitive to use, with only one button performing a lot of different functions, so it can take some time to get to grips with. There are two apps available, too – SnapBridge and Utility – which allow you to easily review videos, shoot remotely and change your settings. You can also share online. If you’re looking for something rugged that excels at video, this is the one.

Buy now

6. Kodak Explorer SP360 4K: £339.99, Currys

Somewhere between a sporty and urban-based camera, this is the second generation of the Kodak Pixpro 360 – and has significant improvements. It shoots in 4K Ultra HD at 30fps, and has an improved field of view from its single lens, at 235 degrees, which is similar to the 360Fly. Of course, as there is only one lens, you don’t have to worry about stitching. The USB connection means you can transfer files without a wi-fi connection (not possible on some of the models that are wholly reliant on apps), which is a bonus if you’re out in the wilderness. It’s only splashproof, so not suitable to be submerged, but it is shockproof up to 2m. There are many different packs and accessories available, like an underwater sport pack or a monopod, although these do come at an additional price. The app, available on iOS or Android, isn’t as straightforward or some others, but it still a solid performer.

Buy now

The Verdict: 360 cameras

Our Best Buy goes to the Samsung Gear 360. The quality of the image and video are excellent, considering the price. The Samsung fits comfortably in any pocket and has very good software that can be used with any device, a big step beyond its predecessor. As a sporty camera, we like the 360Fly 4K – it’s quite expensive but highly satisfactory in terms of final result and durability.

IndyBest product reviews are unbiased, independent advice you can trust. On some occasions, we earn revenue if you click the links and buy the products, but we never allow this to bias our coverage. The reviews are compiled through a mix of expert opinion and real-world testing


~_~


Aid investments in the world’s poorest communities–often in rural areas–may be more expensive than in less-deprived regions, but can save nearly twice as many lives, a new study by the United Nations Children’s Fund published Tuesday shows. The analysis turns on its head the conventional focus of aid targeting easier-to-reach urban areas that aim to […]


~_~


This summer's transfer window could be one of the most exciting ever with some of world football's biggest names set for moves.

Cristiano Ronaldo, Alexis Sanchez, Kylian Mbappe and Alvaro Morata are just a handful of big-name players tipped for a move this summer, with the likes of Jose Mourinho, Arsene Wenger and Antonio Conte all eager to bolster their squads ahead of the new season.

Rather impressively, a number of clubs have already set about their business early. Manchester City are the summer’s early pace setters, having already signed both Bernardo Silva and Ederson, while Mohamed Salah recently joined Liverpool in a £34.3m move from Roma.

How Manchester United could line up next season







12 show all How Manchester United could line up next season





















1/12 How could United line up? Jose Mourinho's side have been linked with dozens of new signings, but who is most likely to line up for the club in time for the start of the 2017/18 season? Getty

2/12 Goalkeeper – David De Gea Reports in Spain now suggest De Gea will stay at United once again as Real Madrid have failed to convince the club to sell. Getty

3/12 Right back – Fabinho Jose Mourinho is a fan of Fabinho, who can play at both right-back and as a defensive midfielder. Monaco, however, do not want to lose many of the first-team stars which took them to a Champions League semi-final last season. Getty

4/12 Centre-back – Eric Bailly Bailly had a phenomenal first season at United and looks like he will be the bedrock of Mourinho’s defence for the foreseeable future. Getty

5/12 Centre-back – Victor Lindelof Victor Lindelof has joined the club from Benfica and will start in the heart of United's defence. Getty

6/12 Left-back – Kieran Tierney Mourinho is not a fan of Luke Shaw and Matteo Darmian looked unconvincing when deployed as a left-back last season. United could turn to £15m rated Celtic defender Kieran Tierney, who has established himself for both his club and country despite only being 20-years-old. United scouts were spotted watching the player in England's recent World Cup qualifier against Scotland. Getty

7/12 Midfield - Ander Herrera A fan favourite at Old Trafford, Herrera's tenacious performances in the middle of the park last season saw his stock rise immeasurably. With Wayne Rooney's days numbered, the Spaniard may be in line to take the captain's armband. Getty

8/12 Midfield – Nemanja Matic The signing of Matic is one that screams not only of the need for discipline in the heart of this United team, but one that reiterates how the Portuguese is looking for players who can help him win now, not a couple of years down the line. Getty

9/12 Midfield – Paul Pogba Mourinho is known to want to bring in a defensive midfielder in order to free up the Frenchman to operate further up the field. Getty

10/12 Left-wing - Marcus Rashford The young English forward has done enough to earn Mourinho's trust and should be used in the first XI far more next term. Getty

11/12 Right-wing – Ivan Perisic United are only willing to spend £35m on Perisic but Inter want £50m. The club are still confident they can push the deal through. Getty

12/12 Striker - Romelu Lukaku Mourinho has prioritised a new No.9 this summer following Zlatan Ibrahimovic's season-ending injury and subsequent release and has opted for Lukaku as his top choice. Getty Images

Arsenal finally completed the club record deal for Alexandre Lacazette to go with left-back Sead Kolasinac while Everton are the other big spenders so far in the window, signing Michael Keane for a club-record £30m and Sandro Ramirez to add to Jordan Pickford from Sunderland for £30m and Ajax’s Davy Klaassen for £23.6m.

We will have all the latest news and reports throughout the day right here so don't touch that dial.

Follow all the latest in our live blog...

Please allow a moment for the blog to load...


~_~


President Trump on April 5 removed White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon from the National Security Council. Here's what you need to know. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)

THE MORNING PLUM:

Stephen K. Bannon has proven remarkably talented at creating a media mystique around himself. With his diligent assistance, he has been portrayed as both a virtuoso of deliberately orchestrated disruption and an avenging angel to working-class people (such as his father) who have been betrayed by global and financial elites. Bannon cleverly wields chaos to destabilize those elite foes in service of an economic nationalist mission that borders on Messianism.

But now Bannon is being primarily viewed inside the White House as a destructive force, and other senior advisers are trying to undermine him in the eyes of President Trump himself, according to multiple reports out this morning. Those reports undercut the narrative of Bannon as a Maestro of Disruption, and they also provide an occasion to probe the true nature of his self-ascribed economic nationalism.

The New York Times reports that Bannon’s removal on Wednesday from his post at the National Security Council is part of a broader internal push that may “diminish” his role. His position has been “undermined” by the failure of the immigration ban, which has been blocked by the courts. Trump “initially supported” Bannon when he delivered an ultimatum to House Republicans that they must vote on the GOP health-care bill or else (they didn’t vote), but then Trump handed off health care to Vice President Pence. And Bannon is clashing with Jared Kushner and irritating the Big Man himself:

Mr. Kushner … has said privately that he fears that Mr. Bannon plays to the president’s worst impulses, according to people with direct knowledge of such discussions. Moreover, Mr. Bannon’s Svengali-style reputation has chafed on a president who sees himself as the West Wing’s only leading man. Several associates said the president had quietly expressed annoyance over the credit Mr. Bannon had received for setting the agenda — and Mr. Trump was not pleased by the “President Bannon” puppet-master theme promoted by magazines, late-night talk shows and Twitter.

In practice, Bannonite disruption is upstaging the president and being blamed for the failure of the immigration ban. Recall that allies of Bannon initially cast the ban as a masterful coup. A senior administration official (gosh, who could that be?) recently told Bloomberg that Bannon deliberately arranged the release of the first ban on a Friday so that opponents could stage massive weekend protests that would draw maximum attention. Wow, disruption! In reality, Bannon made a hash of it.

[Five reasons why Bannon leaving the National Security Council matters]

What’s more, Kushner now allegedly believes that Bannon — presumably his combative nationalism — is aggravating Trump’s worst impulses. Politico’s reporting indicates a similar dynamic, in which Kushner sees Bannon as an “ideologue whose advice to Trump is making it harder for the president to win popular support,” and an ally of Bannon sees the clash as one between the “nationalists and the West Wing Democrats.”

Bannon himself has talked a great game about his “economic nationalism,” which is supposed to distinguish him from both the squishy globalists inside the White House and the Ayn Randian limited government Paul Ryan Republicans in Congress. But what has it really amounted to so far?

When the health bill was tanking, allies of Bannon leaked that he saw an opportunity to undermine Ryan, whose bill, Bannon believed, was “written by the insurance industry,” suggesting Bannon and Trump secretly harbor more populist impulses than Ryan on health care. But where’s the evidence of this? The White House fully embraced Ryanism at an absolutely critical moment, throwing in with a plan that would have hurt many lower-income Trump voters and rolled back coverage for millions, violating Trump’s pledge of “insurance for everybody” and his vow not to cut Medicaid, while delivering a huge tax cut for the rich. If Bannon has an actual plan or even a vague vision for a health-care alternative to the Ryanism that he supposedly disdains, we haven’t seen it.

[Alexandra Petri: Every story I have read about Trump supporters in the past week]

On taxes, Trump will forge ahead with a plan that delivers an enormous tax cut for the rich, and according to Robert Draper, Bannon may also be open to repeal of the estate tax. Populist! It’s possible we may see Bannon’s economic nationalism shape Trump’s coming agenda on infrastructure and trade. Bannon has vowed a massive public expenditure on infrastructure. But we still don’t know whether Trump’s actual plan will amount to much more than a tax break and privatization scheme. Perhaps Trump will get some species of border adjustment tax on imports. But we still don’t know whether Trump’s renegotiation of NAFTA will do anything to empower workers — and union leaders are skeptical based on what they’ve seen so far.

Bannon’s economic nationalism deserves more scrutiny. He claims he’s angry at Wall Street elites, but Trump has already moved to gut Wall Street oversight. This is not necessarily contradictory — Bannon believes Wall Street needs to regain its sense of responsibility to workers on its own — but that isn’t a plan, and at any rate, Bannon’s true anti-elite ire seems aimed at administrators and bureaucrats. In practice, this seems to be translating into massive proposed cuts to environmental oversight (that won’t actually restore coal jobs), science and medical research, and programs that spur economic development in Trump country.

Stephen K. Bannon, chief strategist to the White House, has emerged as one of the most powerful figures in Washington. Much of his world views can be traced back to his seven years in the Navy and a failed hostage rescue. (Alice Li/The Washington Post)

Based on what we’ve seen so far, what evidence is there that Bannon’s “economic nationalism” amounts to much more than the nativist nationalism we’ve seen — the travel ban, the immigration restrictionism, the wall on the Mexican border, and the support for assorted right-wing nationalist movements worldwide?

*********************************************************************************

* REPUBLICANS ARE SET TO ‘GO NUCLEAR’: The Post reports that Mitch McConnell is reassuring fellow senators that ending the filibuster on Supreme Court nominations — which will happen this week — won’t lead to scrapping it on legislation:

McConnell has tried to reassure his GOP colleagues that will not happen. He says that all presidential nominees will now be free of the filibuster hurdle, returning the chamber to its traditional role of voting them up or down. “There’s not a single Senator in the majority who thinks we ought to change the legislative filibuster. Not one,” he said.

This is actually plausible, in part because ending the filibuster on legislation would likely be a lot worse for Republicans over the long haul than it would be for Democrats.

* REPUBLICANS IN ‘EMERGENCY’ SCRAMBLE ON HEALTH CARE: Politico reports that House Republicans may hold an “emergency meeting” today in a last-ditch effort to revive the repeal push before going on recess:

Two sources did not believe the hearing, if scheduled, would have an immediate impact on the legislative calendar. Lawmakers are slated to leave town for a two-week Easter recess starting Thursday … discussions of a potential last-minute hearing show that Republicans aren’t giving up yet and are feeling pressure to act quickly.

The reaction that Republicans get on recess to their deeply unpopular repeal push may end out outweighing that “pressure to act quickly.”

* THE CALENDAR IS WORKING AGAINST GOP REPEAL PUSH: CBS News notes a crucial point:

Members are scheduled to leave for their spring break Thursday without having voted on health care. They’ll return on April 24 to face another challenge — government funding runs out days after they come back, on April 28.

So after hearing from constituents, members of Congress will immediately plunge into a government shutdown fight, pushing any action on repeal further into the future.

* TRUMP’S LATEST CLAIM ABOUT SUSAN RICE APPEARS BOGUS: Trump is now saying that Susan Rice, the national security adviser under Obama, may have committed a crime. Glenn Kessler examines the claim and finds it doesn’t add up:

On the face of it, Trump’s assertion is absurd. Numerous former national security officials told The Fact Checker that Rice, as national security adviser, had every right to request the identities of U.S. citizens who were incidentally recorded or referenced in surveillance conducted by the National Security Agency.

As Kessler notes, it’s not clear what Trump is pinpointing as a possible crime: the incidental collection of data on U.S. citizens, or the leaking of info about it. It’s unlikely Trump himself knows.

* PRESIDENT SPENDS LOTS OF TIME ON HIS PROPERTIES: The New York Times has a useful tally of Trump’s visits thus far to his properties: He’s visited Mar-a-Lago 17 times; his Palm Beach golf course 10 times; and a few other spots a handful of other times.

Conclusion: “Ethics experts argue that Mr. Trump’s visits to properties that are owned, managed or branded by the Trump Organization amount to free publicity for the company, blurring the line between his family business and his presidential duties.” Actually, it’s taxpayer-funded publicity.

* ACTIVISTS PRESSURE TRUMP ON TAXES: NPR reports that activists are planning multiple marches on April 15 to pressure Trump to release his tax returns. He has said he intends to release them but can’t because he’s under audit (which is nonsense). NPR notes:

Here’s a way around the audit problem: The president can disclose his new return at the same time he files it — before the IRS can start an audit.

Surely Trump will leap at this opportunity to do what he himself claims to want to do.

* ONE QUOTE THAT SUMS UP THE SYRIA HORROR: The Post reports that the chemical attack that killed scores of Syrian civilians was likely a “banned nerve agent,” and talks to families who lost loved ones:

“If the world wanted to stop this, they would have done so by now,” a woman who gave her name as Om Ahmed said in a telephone interview. “One more chemical attack in a town the world hasn’t heard of won’t change anything.” Then her voice cracked. “I’m sorry. My son died yesterday,” she said. “I have nothing left to say to the world.”


~_~


Spider-Man: Homecoming has finally reached cinemas, solidifying the web-slinger's place in the Marvel Cinematic Universe after debuting in Captain America: Civil War.

Of course, that’s not where Peter Parker’s role ends, far from it. According to Marvel head Kevin Feige, we can expect Spider-Man to kickstart everything following the fourth, as-yet-untitled Avengers film.

Already, seeds have been sown regarding what to expect thanks to Homecoming’s mid-credits scene. **Warning: spoilers ahead for Homecoming**

Films to get excited about in 2017







22 show all Films to get excited about in 2017









































1/22 Star Wars: The Last Jedi Director: Rian Johnson Cast: Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, and Lupita Nyong'o Plot: No details yet, but it will continue directly on from Rey coming face-to-face with Luke at the end of The Force Awakens. Release Date: 15 December 2017

2/22 Thor: Ragnarok Director: Taika Waititi Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Cate Blanchett, Tessa Thompson, Jeff Goldblum, Karl Urban, and Mark Ruffalo Plot: Story details are minimal as of now, but Thor's third return to screen has already been teased to feature a loose adaptation of the famous 'Planet Hulk' storyline. Release Date: 27 October 2017

3/22 Song to Song Director: Terrence Malick Cast: Ryan Gosling, Christian Bale, Natalie Portman, Rooney Mara, Michael Fassbender, and Cate Blanchett Plot: Two intersecting love triangles. Obsession and betrayal set against the music scene in Austin, Texas. Release Date: Unknown

4/22 Wonder Woman Director: Patty Jenkins Cast: Gal Gadot, Chris Pine, Robin Wright, and Connie Nielsen Plot: After leaving her all-female island, Wonder Woman discovers her full powers and true destiny while fighting alongside soldiers during World War I. Release Date: 2 June 2017

5/22 The Circle Director: James Ponsoldt Cast: Tom Hanks, Emma Watson, John Boyega, and Karen Gillan Plot: A young female tech worker takes a job at a powerful internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation, which that involves privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. Release Date: 28 April 2017

6/22 The Beguiled Director: Sofia Coppola Cast: Elle Fanning, Nicole Kidman, Colin Farrell, Kirsten Dunst, and Angourie Rice Plot: A Union soldier is held captive in a Confederate girl boarding school, and begins to con himself to each of their hearts. Release Date: 23 June 2017

7/22 You Were Never Really Here (image from Her) Director: Lynne Ramsay Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Alessandro Nivola Plot: A war veteran's attempt to save a young girl from a sex trafficking ring goes horribly wrong. Release Date: Unknown

8/22 Annihilation Director: Alex Garland Cast: Natalie Portman, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Tessa Thompson, and Oscar Isaac Plot: A biologist's husband disappears. She thus puts her name forward for an expedition into an environmental disaster zone, but does not quite find what she's expecting. The expedition team is made up of the biologist, an anthropologist, a psychologist, and a surveyor. Release Date: Unknown

9/22 Wonderstruck (image from Far From Heaven) Director: Todd Haynes Cast: Julianne Moore, Michelle Williams, and Amy Hargreaves Plot: The story of a young boy in the Midwest is told simultaneously with a tale about a young girl in New York from fifty years ago as they both seek the same mysterious connection. Release Date: Unknown

10/22 Suburbicon (image of director George Clooney) Director: George Clooney Cast: Matt Damon, Julianne Moore, Josh Brolin, and Oscar Isaac Plot: A crime mystery set in the quiet family town of Suburbicon during the 1950s, where the best and worst of humanity is hilariously reflected through the deeds of seemingly ordinary people. When a home invasion turns deadly, a picture-perfect family turns to blackmail, revenge and betrayal. Release Date: Uknown

11/22 Okja Director: Bong Joon-ho Cast: Ahn Seo-hyun, Tilda Swinton, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Paul Dano Plot: A young girl named Mija risks everything to prevent a powerful, multi-national company from kidnapping her best friend — a massive animal named Okja. Release Date: Unknown

12/22 Dunkirk Director: Christopher Nolan Cast: Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Harry Styles, and Mark Rylance Plot: Dunkirk opens as hundreds of thousands of British and Allied troops are surrounded by enemy forces. Trapped on the beach with their backs to the sea they face an impossible situation as the enemy closes in. Release Date: 21 July 2017

13/22 Mother (image of Darren Aronofsky) Director: Darren Aronofsky Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Javier Bardem, Michelle Pfeiffer, Domhnall Gleeson, and Ed Harris Plot: A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. Release Date: Unknown

14/22 The Killing of a Sacred Deer (image from The Lobster) Director: Yorgos Lanthimos Cast: Colin Farrell, Nicole Kidman, and Alicia Silverstone Plot: A surgeon forms a familial bond with a sinister teenage boy, with disastrous results. Release Date: Unknown

15/22 Blade Runner 2049 Director: Denis Villeneuve Cast: Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford, Robin Wright, and Jared Leto Plot: Thirty years after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard, a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years. Release Date: 6 October 2017

16/22 Lady Bird (image of director Greta Gerwig) Director: Greta Gerwig Cast: Saoirse Ronan, Laurie Metcalf, and Lucas Hedges Plot: The adventures of a young woman living in Northern California for a year. Release Date: Unknown

17/22 The Kidnapping of Edgardo Mortara (image of director Steven Spielberg and star Mark Rylance) Director: Steven Spielberg Cast: Mark Rylance, Oscar Isaac Plot: The Kidnapping Of Edgardo Mortara recounts the story of a young Jewish boy in Bologna, Italy in 1858 who, having been secretly baptized, is forcibly taken from his family to be raised as a Christian. His parents' struggle to free their son becomes part of a larger political battle that pits the Papacy against forces of democracy and Italian unification. Release Date: Unknown

18/22 How to Talk to Girls at Parties Director: John Cameron Mitchell Cast: Elle Fanning, Ruth Wilson, and Nicole Kidman Plot: An alien touring the galaxy breaks away from her group and meets two young inhabitants of the most dangerous place in the universe: the London suburb of Croydon. Release Date: Unknown

19/22 The Dark Tower Director: Nikolaj Arcel Cast: Idris Elba, Matthew McConaughey, and Tom Taylor Plot: Gunslinger Roland Deschain roams an Old West-like landscape in search of the dark tower, in the hopes that reaching it will preserve his dying world. Release Date: 28 July 2017

20/22 The Shape of Water (image of Guillermo del Toro behind the scenes of Crimson Peak) Director: Guillermo del Toro Cast: Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon, Richard Jenkins, Doug Jones, Michael Stuhlbarg, and Octavia Spencer. Plot: An other-worldly story, set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1963. Release Date: Unknown

21/22 Alien: Covenant (image of director Ridley Scott behind the scenes) Director: Ridley Scott Cast: Michael Fassbender, Katherine Waterston, Noomi Rapace, and Guy Pearce Plot: Headed toward a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew members of the colony ship Covenant discover what they believe to be an uncharted paradise, but it is actually a dark, menacing world in which the only inhabitant is the synthetic David, a survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. Release Date: 19 May 2017

22/22 Baby Driver Director: Edgar Wright Cast: Ansel Elgort, Lily James, Jamie Foxx, Jon Hamm, and Kevin Spacey Plot: A young, music-loving expert getaway driver is coerced into a heist for a mob boss, which threatens his life, love and freedom. Release Date: 18 August 2017

Following a quick flurry of credits, we see Michael Keaton’s Vulture in prison, speaking to another comic-book character, Mac Gargan — better known as The Scorpion — played by Michael Mando.

Gargan appears earlier in the film, purchasing Chitauri weaponry, but gets imprisoned after an encounter with Spider-Man. During the mid-credits scene, the character, itching his Scorpion tattoo, asks whether Vulture knows who the superhero really is, saying there are “friends on the outside” wanting revenge.

Little more is shown than this small set-up, but having friends on the outside is relatively revealing. Could Gargan be referring to a team of villains, perhaps the Sinister Six?

Sony almost released a Sinister Six film following The Amazing Spider-Man, cancelling the picture after a negative response to that blockbuster. The team could finally make an appearance.

However, Scorpion was not a primary member of the Sinister Six, only appearing in alternative versions of the team, so another group of villains should probably be expected. (Main S6 line-up was Doctor Octopus, Electro, Kraven the Hunter, Mysterio, Sandman, and Vulture.)

Perhaps relevant is Gargan’s lack of fame; often Marvel villains are played by acclaimed actors, such as Keaton, Ben Kingsley, Robert Redford, Hugo Weaving and others. So expect a somewhat bigger baddie come the sequel.

Still, we should expect further street villains to be pursuing Spider-Man come the sequel to Homecoming — if Thanos hasn’t destroyed the world by then.


~_~


Jack Butland has hinted he’d jump at the chance to join Manchester United (Picture: Getty)

Stoke City goalkeeper Jack Butland has hinted he’d jump at the chance to join Manchester United after hailing the Red Devils as ‘the biggest club in the world’.

The England international returned from a year out with a troublesome ankle injury in April to make six appearances for the Potters.

Romelu Lukaku set to join Man Utd in time for pre-season tour as £75m bid is accepted

The 24-year-old was putting pressure on Joe Hart to become England’s number one before his injury and has been tipped in parts to replace David De Gea at Old Trafford.

De Gea’s been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid and Butland’s suggested he would love to be Jose Mourinho’s number one at the Theatre of Dreams.

Butland joined Stoke in 2013 (Picture: Getty)

‘If it’s the right move at the time, you never know. United, for me, are the biggest club in the world,’ said Butland.

‘I want to play in the Champions League & I want to win trophies. There’s no reason why we can’t win a cup at Stoke.’

United are desperate to keep hold of De Gea this summer and have not discussed the Spaniard moving to Real Madrid in their talks with the La Liga giants over Alvaro Morata’s move to England.

However, Butland’s words are timely and Mourinho is known to be an admirer of the former Birmingham City stopper.

MORE: Alvaro Morata does not want to return to Real Madrid for pre-season as Manchester United’s new bid is rejected


~_~


“Rainbow people make this,” says Mussalem as he resets the mystical-looking stones decorating the sand. He is talking about The Rainbow Family of Living Light – the Oregon-born group committed to achieving peace and love on earth which holds gatherings in Egypt. “From all over the world they came here to feast, to play music, just to be in a natural place. Some very intelligent, very wise.” He looks up and smiles: “Some crazy.”

Though I might not be in The Rainbow Family myself, packing a £10 eBay tent with snapped poles, boots now bound by duct tape and shouldering a rucksack held together with string, a few days into Egypt’s first long-distance hiking route it’s clear to which category I belong.

The 137-mile-long Sinai Trail, or Darb Sina, is part of a Middle East-wide hiking network voted the number one new trail in the world by National Geographic. It’s neither the longest or the hardest of the world’s long-distance routes but hiking a landscape steeped in history, guided by Bedouin whose lives are intertwined with the land, is definitely one of the most rewarding.

These days life is hard for the Bedouin of Sinai. Generations past led pilgrims through the mountains to the 6th century St Catherine’s monastery or far further beyond to Mecca. In recent years events such as the Arab spring, revolution, coup d’état, insurgency and an airliner bombing have curtailed tourism in Sinai. “This trail creates work in a difficult time,” says Mussalem. “But not just any work.”

Sometimes ropes were necessary to haul each other over obstacles (Nick Redmayne )

“We are worried a little bit about our culture – the young Bedouin, they don’t know much,” says Nassr, another guide. “We want to keep travelling, living the simple life. We want to keep our tribes, our families together. Training new guides means there will be others to carry on.” The trail is the collective endeavour of three Bedouin tribes, championed by local volunteers, and an NGO – with no help from the government.

Breaking camp along the trail

Since leaving the Gulf of Aqaba at Ras Shitan on the Sinai coast we’ve walked through desert wadis, squeezed through intestinal gorges, and used rope to haul each other through epic boulder fields. The route is expected to take 12 days, ending on the summit of Egypt’s highest mountain, Jebel Katarina.

Now around 35km in we reach the towering stack of Jebel Milehis in south-east Sinai. Below, pillared rock formations carpeted with soft, ochre sand create a natural amphitheatre. The caravan relaxes into a disarray of tents, bed rolls and bags. This is home for the night. The camels settle too – into nosebags of corn, for once silent in their deep-seated disdain for our enterprise.

We number 22, mostly Egyptian along with resident foreigners and a few visiting ones. Bedouin guides from southern Sinai’s Tarabin, Muzeina and Jebelaya tribes lead the way, supported by a changing cast of trainee guides, cooks, cameleers and camels. Ours is the first group to brave the entire trail.

Cameleers overtake hikers en route to the evening’s camp

In the morning it’s the ascent of Jebel Milehis. Steep at first, weathered sandstone is clean and firm, the easy grip a welcome change from soft sand. The party is soon strung out, the two Mohameds leading us – wiry, surefooted Jordanians – to the fore as usual. I inhabit the sweaty midfield, exchanging exaggeratedly polite chitchat with an Egyptian translator fascinated by British idioms. “I’m still glad we got rid of you bastards,” he says. Soon the track loses its sense of humour. Precipitous ledges test nerves but when help is needed a firm Bedouin hand is never far away.

At the first ridge hard-won height is grudgingly ceded as the path drops in a rearwards approach to the summit. We walk in full sun, sweat stinging our eyes. Nassr points out petroglyphs on jutting boulders – social media from another age. “Look at the camel tails – they’re up.” A tribal skirmish is recorded in stone. Riders gallop, spears and bows raised. These are the victors.

Petroglyphs record a tribal skirmish near Jebel Mileihis



Now begins the real climb. An indistinct path zigzags across a scree face. “Be careful,” Mussalem, “there are many loose rocks, think of the persons below.” He is right. Tumbling rocks and shouts of warning punctuate the ascent. Pausing to drink I peer down. The landscape appears unforgiving – and it is.

The initial summit of Jebel Milehis

Eventually the summit dome heaves into view. Alternately baked by the sun and chilled by desert nights, bare rock acquires ceramic fragility, tinkling as we walked over it. Looking east, the Gulf of Aqaba is visible, beyond it rises the emphatic ridgeline of Saudi Arabia’s mighty Hejaz mountains. One of the Jordanians takes out a flute and plays. His companion rolls a cigarette. Others lay on their backs, keffiyehs covering their faces. Six mountains lie along the trail.

Surefooted Jordanians Mohamed and Mohamed rest up with sweet tea and cigarettes



After the immense expanse of the Blue Desert, 18 hikers remain, with sickness, fatigue and muscle strain having retired there others. These guys have grown stronger, more confident. Making camp by torchlight, harried by bone-chilling winds, levels us all. Ahead it is higher, colder and more remote.

Final camp on the summit of Jebel Katarina

Entering the High Mountains of Egypt, a circle of jagged peaks surrounding Jebel Katarina, morning sunshine accompanies flurries of frost shaken from tents. Jebel Katarina delivers its promise of an unrelenting climb, opposed by icy winds and taunted by false summits. Firewood gathered along the way is strapped to rucksacks. Conversations are lost to buffeting gusts. Private thoughts, expletives for each misplaced footfall, compete with laboured breathes and thumping heartbeats.

One of the small businesses struggling to survive the absence of tourists at Jebel Musa

The sun sets over Africa as we reach the highest point. Photographs are taken, embraces exchanged. Burnt umbra skies bleach, fade to grey, then darken. Later, huddled around a smoky fire, sheltered by the walls of a half-enclosed refuge, Nassr pours glasses of hot chocolate for some and so-called Egyptian champagne for others. (Not bad actually – better than some proseccos.) “The people of the villages, they’ve heard about those who walked Darb Sina. It’s been a long time since so many have trekked,” says Nassr. “The Bedouin are happy, there will be work again. And each one of you, now you have a story.”

Travel essentials

Getting there

Turkish Airlines (0844 800 6666; turkishairlines.com) flies from Edinburgh, Manchester, Birmingham and London to Sharm El Sheikh up to four times a week; from £265 return. Note that British airlines are currently barred from flying to Sharm El Sheikh. See the latest guidance.

Hikers will need to take a taxi from Sharm El Sheikh to begin the trail. Sinaitrail.org will book; a one-way ride should cost 500 Egyptian pounds (approx £25 sterling).

Hiking there

Sinaitrail.org co-ordinates treks with Bedouin tribes, from 7,500 Egyptian pounds per person (approx £380). The next departure is 4 April.

More information

The blog gotellitonthemountain.net offers more guidance and advice.


~_~


Day

3

Today's highlight is the included visit to the haunting ruins of Roman Pompeii, miraculously 'preserved' by the eruption of Vesuvius in AD79. Having been forgotten for hundreds of years, the city was rediscovered in the 18th Century. Since then, excavations have gradually revealed its magnificent villas, temples and frescoed houses.



Afterwards you'll journey around the bay, past the brooding hulk of Vesuvius to one of Italy's most colourful cities, the great southern Italian capital Naples. Highlights of a guided tour will include Garibaldi and Plebiscito squares, the lively 'Spaccanapoli' quarter, San Carlo Opera House and the Royal Palace. You'll also take in the medieval, turreted Castel Nuovo and the spectacular view from Posillipo Hill, which rises up above the city.


~_~


In a wide ranging interview with the BBC, Sir John Chilcot said Tony Blair was "not straight with the nation" and relied on belief rather than fact to take Britain into the Iraq War.

That the conflict was an unmitigated disaster, a historic mistake that casts a pall over the body politic to this day, is now accepted by just about everyone not completely won over by that belief at the time. And even by some who were.

But have we really learned anything? Has Sir John’s report into the conflict, and what he said during that interview, taught us anything?

With the country embarking on another historic mistake – Brexit – I’d say not.

On the face of it, there wouldn’t appear to be all that many parallels between the two, but there are if you think about it.

UK news in pictures







30 show all UK news in pictures

























































1/30 5 July 2017 Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaking after being awarded an honorary degree at the University of Edinburgh in Edinburgh AFP/Getty

2/30 5 July 2017 Spectators are led in on day three of the Wimbledon Championships at The All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club PA

3/30 4 July 2017 Queen Elizabeth II talks with Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon during an audience at the Palace of Holyroodhouse PA

4/30 4 July 2017 Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay, with his wife Kati Mackinlay, leave Westminster Magistrates' Court in London where he faced charges over his 2015 general election expenses PA

5/30 3 July 2017 Security staff with dogs before the start of play at Wimbledon Reuters

6/30 2 July 2017 Competitors take part in the first ever Ironman triathlon to be held in Scotland. Almost 2000 competitors took part in the grueling swim, cycle and road race which ended in Holyrood park. The swimming section was held at Preston Links in Prestonpans. PA

7/30 1 July 2017 People hold placards reading 'Wot A DisMay' and 'Not One Day More' as they take part in an anti-austerity demonstration outside Parliament in London, Britain. Tens of thousands of people took part in a demonstration against British Government and called to end austerity, further cuts and privatisation. EPA

8/30 30 June 2017 A screen displaying an image of Martyn Hett outside Stockport Town Hall as mourners arrive for his funeral on June 30, 2017 in Stockport, England. Twenty-nine year old Martyn Hett was one of 22 people who died in the suicide bombing at Manchester Arena after attending an Ariana Grande concert Getty Images

9/30 29 June 2017 Campaigners from Avaaz dressed as British Prime Minister Theresa May and Australian media Mogul Rupert Murdoch pose during a photocall outside the Houses of Parliament on Campaigners from Avaaz dressed as British Prime Minister Theresa May and Australian media Mogul Rupert Murdoch pose during a photocall outside the Houses of Parliament on June 29, 2017 in London, England. Culture Secretary Karen Bradley announced that the Competitions and Markets Authority is to conduct a further six-month investigation into Murdoch’s proposed £11.7bn takeover of Sky. Getty Images

10/30 27 June 2017 Workers using safety harnesses abseil off Bray Tower on the Chacots Estate in North London. The abseilers were taking measurements and taking notes as they scaled the building. The high-rise Tower blocks in Camden are still in the process of evacuation with some tenants refusing to leave after the cladding on the buildings was discovered to be similar to that found on the fire stricken Grenfell Tower Pete Maclaine / i-Images

11/30 27 June 2017 Workmen start to remove cladding on Hornchurch Court, Hulme, Manchester as as Prime Minister Theresa May has said there must be a "major national investigation" into the use of potentially flammable cladding on high-rise towers across the country over a period of decades in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire PA

12/30 26 June 2017 A festival-goer sleeps outside their tent at the end of the Glastonbury Festival of Music and Performing Arts on Worthy Farm near the village of Pilton in Somerset, South West England Getty

13/30 26 June 2017 Residents leave their home on the Taplow Block on the Chalcots Estate on June 26, 2017 in London, England. Residents of the Chalcots Estate have been urged to leave their homes due to fire safety fears in the wake of the Grenfell Tower tragedy. Four of the five Chalcots Estate towers in Camden, North London, are being evacuated after they were found to have similar cladding to that on Grenfell, attributed to contributing to the rapid spread of the blaze last week that killed at least 79 people Getty Images

14/30 25 June 2017 Police officers on Romford Road in Forest Gate, east London, as people protest over the death of Edir Frederico Da Costa, who died on June 21 six days after he was stopped in a car by Metropolitan Police officers in Woodcocks, Beckton, in Newham, east London PA

15/30 24 June 2017 Britain's opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn addresses revellers from the Pyramid Stage at Worthy Farm in Somerset during the Glastonbury Festival REUTERS

16/30 23 June 2017 British Prime Minister Theresa May addresses a news conference at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, June 23, 2017 Reuters

17/30 22 June 2017 Cosplay fans (L-R) George Massingham, Abbey Forbes and Karolina Goralik travel by tube dressed in Harry Potter themed costumes, after a visit to one the literary franchise's movie filming locations at Leadenhall Market in London, Britain Reuters

18/30 22 June 2017 Racegoers cheer on their horse on Ladies Day at the Royal Ascot horse racing meet, in Ascot, west of London Getty

19/30 21 June 2017 A reveller walks among the tipi tents at the Glastonbury Festival of Music and Performing Arts on Worthy Farm near the village of Pilton in Somerset, South West England Getty

20/30 20 June 2017 A police officer lays some flowers passed over by a member of the public, close to Finsbury Park Mosque in north London, after one man died and eight people were taken to hospital and a person arrested after a rental van struck pedestrian PA

21/30 The Borough Market bell is seen in Borough Market in central London following its re-opening after the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

22/30 Two women embrace in Borough Market, which officially re-opens today following the recent attack, in central London REUTERS/Hannah McKay

23/30 Mayor of London Sadiq Khan attends the re-opening of Borough market in central London following the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

24/30 People walk through Borough Market in central London following its re-opening after the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

25/30 News Corp CEO Rupert Murdoch, with one of his daughters, visit Borough Market, which officially re-opened today following the recent attack REUTERS

26/30 A woman reacts in front of a wall of messages in Borough Market, which officially re-opened today following the recent attack, in central London REUTERS/Hannah Mckay

27/30 Vivenne Westwood walks the runway at the Vivenne Westwood show during the London Fashion Week Men's June 2017 collections Getty Images

28/30 Millwall fan and London Bridge hero Roy Larner on 'Good Morning Britain' Rex

29/30 Richard Arnold, Roy Larner, Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid on 'Good Morning Britain' Rex

30/30 11 June 2017 England players celebrate after defeating Venezuela 1-0 to win the final of the FIFA U-20 World Cup Korea 2017 at Suwon World Cup Stadium in Suwon, South Korea AP

Brexit, too, is motivated by belief in opposition to fact, and expert advice.

Just as happened prior to the Iraq war, it had a corps of fierce partisans backing it, people who were willing to deploy a tissue of lies and half truths to convince a narrow majority of the public of their case.

Just as then, tens, hundreds, of thousands have taken to the streets in protest, only to be ignored or, worse still, to have their patriotism and loyalty called into question.

“I think the country’s had enough of experts,” said the member for Murdoch Central, Michael Gove, who was, at the time, the home news editor of The Times, a newspaper that supported the war. It speaks volumes, doesn’t it?

The big difference between the two is, of course, that Brexit will not see brave young men and women put in harm’s way. Nor will there be any killing of civilians by stray ordinance.

Poverty kills, mind. So, if the economic fallout from Brexit is as bad as some fear, there will be blood on the hands of its backers. A lot less than was shed in Iraq, it is true, but blood all the same.

Minister appointed to negotiate Brexit wanted EU 'torn down'

Belief rather than fact. In a modern, wealthy democracy, which provides an education for its people, it shouldn’t be that way. But it is.

Blair's reliance on belief is what makes him such a problematic figurehead for those who would oppose the country’s current lunacy. He’s a "big beast". A genuine talent, in an age when they are extraordinarily hard to find in British politics.

By comparison to him, both sides of the continuing Brexit debate look small, mean and timid.

But it is all but impossible to call upon the man who once led the country down a deep, dark hole to try and save it from another, as has sometimes been mooted.

Chilcot’s comment doesn’t really cast any new light on things. Most everyone who has followed this story will already have been aware that belief won with Blair. And those who still back his decision, in the face of all the evidence showing that it was a bad one? Their minds will never be changed. They too are motivated by a belief, one that has turned into a faith, just as it is faith that motivates Brexiteers.

Faith can be a dangerous thing if the certainty it confers on adherents is destructive.

Iraq proves that too. The pity of it is we are still prone to blindly follow zealots.

There was a brief moment when it looked like we had understood, or least when MPs showed that they might have understood.

Despite intense pressure being put upon them, they denied David Cameron when he asked for permission to bomb Syria in the wake of an appalling chemical attack that was almost certainly the work of the Assad regime.

Another Labour leader, Ed Miliband, speaking after the vote, said Britain had “learned the lessons of Iraq”.

It looks like he got that wrong.

Given the pit into which politics has descended of late, the shabby deal the Conservatives entered into with a party of faith based sectarian zealots from Northern Ireland, I’m not sure we will be able to trust Parliament to save us the next time it is tested.

Brexit is an act of economic and geopolitical stupidity, but despite the paranoid fantasies of some in the Brexit camp about EU armies with designs on forcing Britain into a superstate, and yes there are people who actually think that, no weapons will be drawn. No gun will be fired and no bomb will be dropped. Let’s be thankful for that, at least.

However, there will come a time, and perhaps quite soon, when a Prime Minister calls for weapons to be raised and bombs to be dropped, based on the belief that it is the only way to solve some awful problem somewhere.

It will matter not that the facts show that violence only results in more violence, and solves nothing, particularly in the quagmire that is the Middle East.

Belief will win out. And people will die.


~_~


WSJ Wealth Adviser highlights some of the top news and analysis for wealth advisers and their clients, with pieces today including: an examination of whether retirees should have life insurance (often no, but there are exceptions); WSJ economics commentator Greg Ip's caution on recession; and the latest Adviser Profile, of Ron Weiner of RDM Financial Group at HighTower Advisors.


~_~


A Customs officer stands beside ivory tusks seized by Hong Kong Customs at a news conference in Hong Kong, China July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

A Customs officer stands beside ivory tusks seized by Hong Kong Customs at a news conference in Hong Kong, China July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

A Customs officer stands beside ivory tusks seized by Hong Kong Customs at a news conference in Hong Kong, China July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

Customs and Excise Department officials (L-R), Endangered Species Protection Officer Timothy Lam, Ports Control Group Head Chan Wan-hung and Special Investigation Group Head Wan Hing-chuen, attend a news conference with seized ivory tusks in Hong Kong, China July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

HONG KONG Authorities in Hong Kong this week made their largest haul of contraband ivory in more than 30 years, amid surging illegal wildlife seizures fuelled by lax regulations and buoyant demand from mainland China.

The former British colony situated at the mouth of China's Pearl River Delta is one of the world's top global transit hubs for endangered species and their products, such as shark fin, pangolin skin and rosewood furniture.

Customs officials on Thursday said they had seized 7,200 kg (15,873 lb) of ivory tusks, valued at around HK$72 million ($9.22 million), at a cargo warehouse beside the city's harbor.

The ivory was discovered in a 40-foot container from Malaysia declared to hold frozen fish, beneath which officers found the tusks.

"The 1,000 boxes were half-empty when we found them with frozen fish put around the ivory," said customs official Raymond Chan.

Conservation group WildAid estimated the tusks had probably been taken from about 720 elephants.

Hong Kong's agriculture, fisheries and conservation department said it was investigating the shipment's final destination, probably a nearby country.

A special administrative region of China, Hong Kong has lagged other places, including the mainland, in adopting tighter rules against trading of ivory and other endangered species.

Regulatory loopholes allow traders to use a stockpile of legal ivory as cover to smuggle illegal ivory to unsuspecting buyers, say groups such as the World Wildlife Fund and WildAid.

China, Singapore and the United States have all banned the ivory trade, with the mainland closing down all operations by the end of this year.

Hong Kong, however, has only timetabled a ban by 2021. Legislators are set to discuss the issue on Friday and decide if traders should be compensated in the case of a total ban.

The teeming port city has the largest retail market for ivory, with 90 percent of consumers from the mainland.

Hong Kong has been trading ivory for more than 150 years, fashioned into jewelry and sculptures, but activists say illegal poaching is pushing elephants toward extinction.

The independent Environmental Investigation Agency last week identified Shuidong, a southern Chinese coastal town close to Hong Kong, as the hub for 10 to 20 Chinese-led criminal syndicates bringing in ivory from Africa.

African rangers detailed harrowing firsthand tales of elephant poaching during a June visit to Hong Kong, an event marked by a tense standoff with traders who say their business is legal.

(Reporting by Doris Huang and Farah Master; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)


~_~


Alexandre Lacazette signed for Arsenal on Tuesday evening, reports the Daily Mirror, in what the paper says is "a record-breaking £52m deal".

The 26-year-old French forward jetted into London from Lyon for his medical and, once completed, he signed a five-year contract that is expected to make him Arsenal’s top earner on £200,000 a week.

Lacazette was introduced to his new team-mates at the Arsenal training ground and the Mirror says he "may join their pre-season trip to Australia and China".

The paper claims he won't be the last big name to arrive at the Emirates in the coming weeks, with Arsene Wenger "prepared to carry on spending".

The Arsenal manager is still tracking Thomas Lemar but Monaco have demanded a staggering £80m for their playmaker.

Wenger has yet to respond to the Monaco asking price but, according to the Mirror, he may decide that's too much and turn his attention to Leicester winger Riyad Mahrez, who is said to be "keen" to move to north London.

And Lacazette may be strutting his stuff at the Emirates next season with the support of another French frontman.

Sky Sports reports the gist of an interview Olivier Giroud gave to the Arsenal website in which the 30-year-old discusses talk of a possible summer exit.

Everton, West Ham and Marseille have all been linked with the Gallic goalscorer - with some reports on Merseyside claiming that the Toffees have agreed a £20m fee with Arsenal - but Giroud insists he doesn't want to leave north London.

"I want to carry on my good journey at Arsenal and I always want to give my best," he said. "I would love to win another title, or maybe more, until the end of my contract. The motivation is here, always doing your best to make your family proud."

And might Alexis Sanchez also be back for another term at the Emirates The Sun believes so, with the paper boldly claiming that the Chilean sorcerer "will be staying at Arsenal next season".

How come? It appears that both Bayern Munich and Manchester City have realised they haven't got the readies to meet Sanchez's exorbitant wage demands.

Bayern president Uli Hoeness has reportedly ruled out signing Sanchez, saying: "We are not going to pay... €25m [£22m] a year to get Sanchez."

City are also facing the prospect of a transfer ban because of alleged transfer impropriety and in any case Arsenal are said to be unwilling to sell one of their crown jewels to a Premier League rival.

Arsenal transfer news: Wenger eyes Carvalho and Martins

04 July

Arsenal are planning a double swoop on Sporting Lisbon for William Carvalho and Gelson Martins, reports The Sun.

With Lyon striker Alexandre Lacazette expected to sign any day now in a £44m deal, it appears that Arsene Wenger has no plans to ease up on his spending spree. The Sun says

the Sporting pair will likely cost the Gunners gaffer £70m.

Taking Portuguese outlet A Bola as its source, the tabloid claims that Wenger "wants to beef up his midfield options" after growing tired of Arsenal’s fragility in that area in recent seasons.

Carvalho, 25, is a no-nonsense midfielder who has been linked to Manchester United in the past but apparently Wenger is confident he will land the Portugal international, and the same goes for Gelson Martins.

The 22-year-old scored seven times in 43 games last season and The Sun says it's the youngster's ability to operate as a winger or full-back that has caught the eye of the Arsenal manager.

Wenger has also had his eye on Thomas Lemar recently, but Talksport says that Monaco don't intend to play ball as far as a possible move is concerned.

The broadcaster claims the French champions intend to knock back approaches from both Arsenal and Manchester City, the latter being interested in signing full-back Benjamin Mendy.

Having already lost Bernardo Silva to City this summer, and with Tiemoue Bakayoko close to joining Chelsea for £35m, Monaco have decided enough is enough and Talksport says "they are putting their foot down when it comes to Lemar and Mendy".

Arsenal had hoped to lure winger Lemar to the Emirates but that won't happen, with French sports daily L'Equipe claiming it's been told by a Monaco insider that they are "no longer willing to part with any more of their star players".

Finally, the Daily Star says that Wenger is set for "crisis talks with Hector Bellerin" over reports he is being courted by Barcelona.

The Spanish giants have long been linked with the Arsenal defender (who came through the Barca youth set-up) and the Star says Wenger has had enough of the speculation.

When the two meet this week, it's expected that Wenger will tell Bellerin that he can forget about a move to Barcelona and he must honour his Emirates contract.

Arsenal transfer news – Lacazette is on his way

3 July

A done deal – that's the consensus among the British and French media as far as the Gunners and Alexandre Lacazette goes.

It was French TV station Telefoot who broke the news, which was quickly picked up by the likes of the Daily Star, who report that after "a week of intensive negotiations" with Lyon, a fee has been agreed and Lacazette is “set to put pen to paper on a five-year contract".

Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis has apparently been driving the deal forward and the Star says that the north London club will hand over £46m in return for the Gallic goal-machine.

French sports daily L'Equipe confirms the story and says that Lyon have already found Lacazette's replacement in Real Madrid marksman Mariano Diaz.

The Daily Mirror quotes the figure of £44m as the fee Arsenal will have to pay to secure Lacazette – that will still surpass the £42.5m club record fee they paid four years ago for Mesut Ozil – and the paper quotes Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas, saying that the deal will be completed in "one or two days", with reports that the French forward flew to London on Sunday to have a medical.

Meanwhile, The Sun reports that Everton are lining up a "shock £20m raid" for Olivier Giroud and the Toffees are confident that they can beat West Ham and Marseille and sign the French striker.

Everton boss Ronald Koeman has resigned himself to losing Romelu Lukaku this summer (with latest reports claiming Manchester United are ready to rival Chelsea for the Everton frontman), and the Dutchman believes Giroud has the skill set to do a job at Goodison Park.

Giroud has been linked with a move away from the Emirates for a while now, since losing his place in the starting line-up, and the Sun says Koeman "believes he can persuade him that his plans to make Everton a Champions League club offer him his best new career move".

The Gunners are unlikely to stand in his way given that they are so close to signing Lacazette.

Arsenal transfer news: Wenger turns attention to 'unsettled' Robert Lewandowski

30 June

They've failed to land Alexandre Lacazette, been floored in their attempt to land Kylian Mbappe but might it be third time lucky for the Gunners in the summer transfer market? According to Metro Arsenal are considering a "swoop for Robert Lewandowski" amid reports in Germany that he wants out of Bayern Munich.

Chelsea and Manchester United have already been linked to the Poland international in recent weeks, as were Real Madrid when it was rumoured that Cristiano Ronaldo might be leaving. He's not and with Chelsea closing in on Romelu Lukaku and United chasing Alvaro Morata, the options are running out for the 28-year-old Lewandowski.

But German newspaper Sports Bild claims that the striker has become "a surprise target for an increasingly ambitious Arsene Wenger". The Gunners boss knows he needs to beef up his squad and with the London Evening Standard reporting that Lyon have rejected a £44m bid for Lacazette, it now appears he wants the Bayern marksman.

The former Borussia Dortmund man scored 43 goals in 47 games in all competitions last season but if Wenger does want to sign him it's likely to cost the Frenchman in the region of £50m.

Finally, the Daily Express claims that Hector Bellerin "will push Arsenal into sealing a deal with Barcelona next week". Rumours have been growing in recent weeks that the Spanish defender wanted to return to his homeland, and the club where he learned his trade as a teenager, and according to the Express there has already been "an initial enquiry from Barcelona", which the Gunners rebuffed. But Spanish paper Mundo Deportivo claims Bellerin is now set to intervene with the right-back ready to confront Arsenal officials and "pressure the club to let him go".

Arsenal transfer news: Wenger bids £35m for ‘top target’ Lemar

29 June

Having admitted defeat in his pursuit of Kylian Mbappe, Arsene Wenger has instead turned his attention to his Monaco team-mate Thomas Lemar, reports The Sun.

The paper claims that the midfielder, also comfortable down the flanks, is the Arsenal manager's "top transfer target" and he has tabled a £35m bid for Lemar, having had his initial offer of £30m rejected.

The 21-year-old was courted by Atletico Madrid last summer but The Sun says that Wenger has been tracking Lemar for more than two years. He first tried to sign him in 2015 when he was at Caen but lost out to Monaco, who paid just £4m for Lemar back then. His value has rocketed after he was instrumental in helping Monaco win the French title last season.

In confirming the bid for Lemar, the Daily Telegraph also claims that the Gunners have made an official approach for Lyon frontman Alexandre Lacazette, saying that the north London outfit have tabled an offer of £49m, which is expected to increase to £55m with add-ons.

But according to Sky Sports, Lyon have followed Monaco in kicking the bid into the long grass, although it's not known whether they are merely trying to get the Gunners to up their price.

The reason why Arsenal are desperate to sign Lacazette, says The Guardian, is that Manchester City are "increasingly confident" of landing Alexis Sanchez. The Chilean frontman is eager for a reunion with City boss Pep Guardiola, with whom he worked at Barcelona, plus there's also the little factor of money.

The Guardian says that the 28-year-old Sanchez has been offered around £250,000 a week by the Gunners "but could earn closer to £300,000 at City".

The confusion is causing headaches for Wenger, with the Frenchman "minded against allowing his finest player to leave". But if he doesn't sanction a sale now – and The Guardian says City are willing to pay £50m – then Sanchez will likely leave for nothing on a free transfer when his contract expires next June.

Arsenal transfer news: Riyad Mahrez agrees to £35m switch

27 June

This week could see the saga of Riyad Mahrez reach its conclusion with the Daily Star claiming the the Foxes flier is set to sign for Arsenal "after giving up on Barcelona".

At the start of the summer it had been rumoured that the Catalans were coming for the Algerian winger but they never quite made it to the King Power Stadium and consequently, claims the Star, Mahrez is ready to accept Arsenal's advances.

Apparently new Barca manager Ernesto Valverde wants Marco Verratti ahead of the Leicester wideman and so the four-year contract that has reportedly been offered by the Gunners will now be accepted.

Spanish rag Sport claims that Mahrez "has had enough of waiting" and has authorised his agent to set up the move to the Emirates. The Star says that Mahrez will cost around £35m with Leicester acknowledging that's it better to cash in on him while the going's good despite the fact he signed a lucrative new contract 12 months ago.

Still with Barcelona and according to the Daily Mirror Arsenal will have to do battle with the Spanish giants for the right to sign Pedro Neto.

The 17-year-old sensation is rated as one of the most exciting talents in Portugal having broken into the Braga first team last season. It's thought that Man United boss Jose Mourinho has had his eye on the frontman for a while but the Mirror claims it is Arsenal who moved first and tabled a £13.5m bid, which was rejected by Braga.

They're holding out for a club to trigger the full £17.5m release clause and that club could be Barcelona with Valverde of the opinion that the youngster is already ready for top-flight football. But Arsenal haven't given up on Neto and they're expected to come back with a bigger bid, which in true Gunners style is still likely to be too low.


~_~


Teachers, police and nurses are feeling the biggest impact of the Tories' controversial one per cent pay cap on public sector workers, according to a government report.

See related Boris Johnson joins call to end 1% public sector pay cap

According to the Office of Manpower Economics (OME), an average teacher saw their pay fall by £3 an hour in real terms, while police officers experienced a drop of £2 an hour. The wages of nurses have stagnated.

Researchers from the OME, which provides independent research to official pay bodies, examined ten groups that have their wages set by pay review groups and found they had all seen wage decreases or stagnation.

Adjusted for inflation, hourly earnings of UK public sector workers dropped six per cent between 2005 and 2015.

Downing Street has said it would consider potential wage increases on a "case-by-case" basis, after Conservative cabinet members expressed their concern over the pay cap.

While Chancellor Philip Hammond last night urged his party to "hold our nerve" on the issue, his Labour counterpart John McDonnell called for an increase in public sector pay.

"The fact that some of the pillars of our community and the public sector such as teachers, doctors and police officers are seeing their pay cut exposes the double standards of a government that likes to praise their work but will not actually truly reward it," he said.


~_~


The Samsung Galaxy S8 has finally arrived, and it’s a major new leap for mobiles.

The handset, available now at John Lewis, shakes up the smartphone status quo with plenty of game-changing updates.

It’s the perfect excuse to finally make that upgrade – here’s what you need to know.

1) It’s got an amazing new screen

Catching up on the latest episode of Silicon Valley on your commute just got even better thanks to the Galaxy S8’s 5.8” Infinity Display. Samsung has ditched the home button found on most mobile handsets, allowing them to fit a huge 2960 x 1440 pixel screen on the S8 without taking up any more space in your pocket.

2) The upgraded cameras offer increased protection

Privacy is important on a gadget that contains so much of your personal information. Security on the S8 has been upped thanks to an iris scanner in the front camera which can unlock the phone. The 12MP Dual Pixel back camera has had an upgrade too, with low-light, zoom, and anti-blur technology to get even more Instagram-enviable snaps.

3) It’s the world’s first Bixby device

The S8 marks the arrival of Samsung’s all-new ‘personal assistant’ Bixby. The voice-activated software can summon information, curate your news feed, and even help you shop with product recognition.

4) It works with Samsung’s impressive VR range

The Galaxy S8 is more than just a phone – it becomes a virtual reality display when paired with the Oculus-powered Samsung Gear VR headset, which now comes bundled with a motion-sensing handheld controller for even greater control. Film your own immersive videos too with the Gear 360 camera, shooting at 15 megapixels in 360 degrees to capture moments you can literally step back inside.

The Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: Everything you need to know

5) You can go SIM-free at John Lewis

It’s not just about the phone you pick – it’s how you choose to buy it. Going SIM-free offers more flexibility in how you use your mobile, instead of signing a pricey contract that charges too much for perks you might not use. At John Lewis you can skip the reams of paperwork and get straight to the phone, with a two year guarantee (and that renowned customer service) for added peace of mind.

At John Lewis you’ll find the Samsung Galaxy S8, SIM-free from £689 with a two-year guarantee included. Buy online or visit John Lewis stores and try before you buy.


~_~


A Tesla Model S electric car is taken for a test drive at a Tesla car dealership in Sydney, Australia, May 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed

Tesla Inc's Model S did not get the top score in certain tests by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS), the agency said on Thursday.

Chevrolet Impala, Ford Motor Co's Taurus and Tesla's Model S were the three sedans that got "only an acceptable rating" in a test designed to simulate what happens when the front driver-side corner of a vehicle strikes a tree or another vehicle, the IIHS said.

Ford's Lincoln Continental, the Mercedes-Benz E-Class and Toyota Motor Corp's Avalon received the highest rating overall, the agency said.

In the test, the seat belt in Tesla's Model S was not effective and could lead to the driver's head striking the steering wheel hard through the air bag, according to the report.

Tesla's Model S received the highest rating in IIHS's crash testing in every category except one, the small overlap front crash test, where it received the second highest rating available, a Tesla spokesperson said in an email.

"IIHS and dozens of other private industry groups around the world have methods and motivations that suit their own subjective purposes," the spokesperson said.

Tesla said the most objective and accurate independent vehicle safety test is done by the U.S. government, which found Model S and Model X to have the lowest probability of injury of any cars that it has ever tested.

In order to get the top IIHS rating, automakers must have a frontal crash prevention system with automatic braking capabilities to prevent a rear-end collision.

The vehicles must stop or slow down without driver intervention before hitting a target in tests at 12 or 25 miles per hour among other factors, IIHS said.

Toyota said in a statement it is committed to developing safe and reliable vehicles.

General Motors Co declined to comment, while Ford and Mercedes were not immediately available for comment.

The IIHS is a research arm of the insurance industry, and its crash tests are increasingly influential in guiding vehicle safety design. Automakers strive for top ratings in IIHS tests as they do on federal crash tests.

(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Gopakumar Warrier)


~_~


Venezuela's shield-bearing protesters Drawing inspiration from Ukraine's 2013-14 revolt, Venezuela's young protesters are donning Viking-like shields in battles with security forces and eagerly watching a film on the Kiev uprising.

Grime spreads beyond London's underground Squeezed in to a small and sweaty East London nightclub at 3 a.m., the Slew Dem Crew spit bars to a raucous audience revelling in the fast growing popularity of Britain's new musical obsession.

Venezuela: death of a protester David Jose Vallenilla, 22, was crouched down on the highway by the fence. At this moment he stood up, protected only by a small rucksack strapped to his chest, and just a few feet from the soldier, who began shooting. Venezuela photographer Carlos Garcia Rawlins details how a young activist was fatally wounded by a soldier at close range during a Caracas protest.

Canada's newest citizens At citizenship ceremonies across the country, new Canadians began a fresh chapter in their lives in a land they chose for what they saw as its diversity, safety and opportunity.


~_~


A fierce political debate is raging about whether austerity for the UK, after seven long years, is finally over. But what actually is austerity? Who was responsible for it? What was it for?

Did it actually achieve what it was supposed to achieve? And what were the human costs of the policy?

Finally, should we believe those who say that the end is in sight? Here Ben Chu, the economics editor of The Independent, tackles all those questions.


~_~


1/65 5 July 2017 A member of the Iraqi security forces runs with his weapon during a fight between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants in the Old City of Mosul, Iraq.

2/65 5 July 2017 A U.S. MGM-140 Army Tactical Missile is fired during the combined military exercise between the U.S. and South Korea against North Korea at an undisclosed location in South Korea A.P

3/65 4 July 2017 North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un looks on during the test-fire of inter-continental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 Reuters

4/65 4 July 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during a signing ceremony following the talks at the Kremlin Reuters

5/65 3 July 2017 Belarussian servicemen march during a military parade as part of celebrations marking the Independence Day in Minsk, Belarus Reuters

6/65 3 July 2017 Ambulance cars and fire engines are seen near the site where a coach burst into flames after colliding with a lorry on a motorway near Muenchberg, Germany Reuters

7/65 2 July 2017 Protesters demonstrating against the upcoming G20 economic summit ride boats on Inner Alster lake during a protest march in Hamburg, Germany. Hamburg will host the upcoming G20 summit and is expecting heavy protests throughout. Getty Images

8/65 1 July 2017 Protesters carry a large image of jailed Chinese Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo as they march during the annual pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong. Thousands joined an annual protest march in Hong Kong, hours after Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped up his visit to the city by warning against challenges to Beijing's sovereignty. AP

9/65 30 June 2017 Jockey Andrea Coghe of "Selva" (Forest) parish rides his horse during the first practice for the Palio Horse Race in Siena, Italy June 30, 2017 Reuters

10/65 30 June 2017 A man takes pictures with a phone with a Union Flag casing after Chinese President Xi Jinping (not pictured) inspected troops at the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison as part of events marking the 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June 30, 2017 Reuters

11/65 29 June 2017 A protester against U.S. President Donald Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, holds a sign next to protesters supporting the ban, in New York City, U.S., June 29, 2017 Reuters

12/65 29 June 2017 Israeli Air Force Efroni T-6 Texan II planes perform at an air show during the graduation of new cadet pilots at Hatzerim base in the Negev desert, near the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva AFP/Getty Images

13/65 28 June 2017 A woman gestures next to people spraying insecticide on a vehicle during a mosquito-control operation led by Ivory Coast's National Public and Health Institute in Bingerville, near Abidjan where several cases of dengue fever were reported AFP/Getty Images

14/65 28 June 2017 An aerial view shows women swimming in the Yenisei River on a hot summer day, with the air temperature at about 32 degrees Celsius (89.6 degrees Fahrenheit), outside Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, Russia, June 28, 2017 Reuters

15/65 27 June 2017 A Libyan coast guardsman watches over as illegal immigrants arrive to land in a dinghy during the rescue of 147 people who attempted to reach Europe off the coastal town of Zawiyah, 45 kilometres west of the capital Tripoli, on June 27, 2017. More than 8,000 migrants have been rescued in waters off Libya during the past 48 hours in difficult weather conditions, Italy's coastguard said on June 27, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

16/65 27 June 2017 Investigators work at the scene of a car bomb explosion which killed Maxim Shapoval, a high-ranking official involved in military intelligence, in Kiev, Ukraine, June 27, 2017 Reuters

17/65 26 June 2017 A man leaves after voting in the Mongolian presidential election at the Erdene Sum Ger (Yurt) polling station in Tuul Valley. Mongolians cast ballots on June 26 to choose between a horse breeder, a judoka and a feng shui master in a presidential election rife with corruption scandals and nationalist rhetoric AFP/Getty Images

18/65 26 June 2017 People attend Eid al-Fitr prayers to mark the end of the holy fasting month of Ramadan at a play ground in the suburb of Sale, Morocco REUTERS

19/65 25 June 2017 A plain-clothes police officer kicks a member of a group of LGBT rights activist as Turkish police prevent them from going ahead with a Gay Pride annual parade on 25 June 2017 in Istanbul, a day after it was banned by the city governor's office. AFP/Getty Images

20/65 25 June 2017 Pakistan army soldiers stands guard while rescue workers examine the site of an oil tanker explosion at a highway near Bahawalpur, Pakistan. An overturned oil tanker burst into flames in Pakistan on Sunday, killing more than one hundred people who had rushed to the scene of the highway accident to gather leaking fuel, an official said. AP

21/65 24 June 2017 Rescue workers search for survivors at the site of a landslide that occurred in Xinmo Village, Mao County, Sichuan province, China REUTERS

22/65 23 June 2017 Student activists shout anti martial law slogans during a protest in Manila on June 23, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

23/65 23 June 2017 A diver performs from the Pont Alexandre III bridge into the River Seine in Paris, France, June 23, 2017 as Paris transforms into a giant Olympic park to celebrate International Olympic Days with a variety of sporting events for the public across the city during two days as the city bids to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games Reuters

24/65 23 June 2017 Debris and smoke are seen after an OV-10 Bronco aircraft released a bomb, during an airstrike, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who have taken over parts of Marawi city, Philippines June 23, 2017 Reuters

25/65 22 June 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (C) stands under pouring rain during a wreath-laying ceremony marking the 76th anniversary of the Nazi German invasion, by the Kremlin walls in Moscow, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

26/65 22 June 2017 Smoke rises following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

27/65 22 June 2017 Iraqis flee from the Old City of Mosul on June 22, 2017, during the ongoing offensive by Iraqi forces to retake the last district still held by the Islamic State (IS) group AFP/Getty Images

28/65 21 June 2017 Girls stand in monsoon rains beside an open laundry in New Delhi, India Reuters

29/65 21 June 2017 People take part in the 15th annual Times Square yoga event celebrating the Summer Solstice, the longest day of the year, during classes in the middle of Times Square in New York. The event marked the international day of yoga. Reuters

30/65 20 June 2017 Faroe Islanders turn the sea red after slaughtering hundreds of whales as part of annual tradition Rex

31/65 20 June 2017 A firefighting plane tackles a blaze in Cadafaz, near Goes, Portugal Reuters

32/65 15 June 2017 A person participates in a journalists' protest asking for justice in recent attacks on journalists in Mexico City, Mexico, 15 June 2017 EPA

33/65 11 June 2017 Poland's Piotr Lobodzinski starts in front of the Messeturm, Fairground Tower, in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

34/65 11 June 2017 A runner lies on the ground after arriving at the finish line in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

35/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

36/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform on the tarmac at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

37/65 11 June 2017 French President Emmanuel Macron with his wife Brigitte Trogneux cast their ballot at their polling station in the first round of the French legislatives elections in Le Touquet, northern France EPA

38/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoist EPA

39/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoists EPA

40/65 11 June 2017 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu chairs a weekly cabinet meeting at his office in Jerusalem. An Israeli court has ordered a journalist to pay more than $25,000 in damages to Netanyahu and his wife Sara for libeling them. The magistrate court in Tel Aviv ruled Sunday that Igal Sarna libeled the couple for writing a Facebook post that claimed the prime minister's wife kicked the Israeli leader out of their car during a fight AP

41/65 10 June 2017 Parkour enthusiasts train on Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Originally developed in France, the training discipline is gaining popularity in Brazil Mario Tama/Getty Images

42/65 10 June 2017 Volunteers spread mozzarella cheese toppings on the Guinness World Record attempt for the Longest Pizza in Fontana, California, USA. The pizza was planned to be 7000 feet (2.13 km) to break the previous record of 6082 feet (1.8 km) set in Naples, Italy in 2016 EPA

43/65 10 June 2017 Jamaica's Olympic champion Usain Bolt gestures after winning his final 100 metres sprint at the 2nd Racers Grand Prix at the National Stadium in Kingston, Jamaica REUTERS/Gilbert Bellamy

44/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

45/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

46/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

47/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

48/65 10 June 2017 Protesters stand off before police during a demonstration against corruption, repression and unemployment in Al Hoseima, Morocco. The neglected Rif region has been rocked by social unrest since the death in October of a fishmonger. Mouhcine Fikri, 31, was crushed in a rubbish truck as he protested against the seizure of swordfish caught out of season and his death has sparked fury and triggered nationwide protests Getty Images

49/65 9 June 2017 A man looks on at a migrant and refugee makeshift camp set up under the highway near Porte de la Chapelle, northern Paris Getty Images

50/65 9 June 2017 Damaged cars are seen stacked in the middle of a road in western Mosul's Zanjili neighbourhood during ongoing battles to try to take the city from Islamic State (IS) group fighters Getty

51/65 9 June 2017 Smoke billows following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa Getty Images

52/65 9 June 2017 Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel gestures next to Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto during a welcome ceremony at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico REUTERS/Carlos Jasso

53/65 9 June 2017 Soldiers and residents carry the body of a Muslim boy who was hit by a stray bullet while praying inside a mosque, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who has taken over large parts of the Marawi City, Philippines REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

54/65 8 June 2017 Opposition demonstrators protest for the death on the eve of young activist Neomar Lander during clashes with riot police, in Caracas Getty Images

55/65 8 June 2017 Neomar Lander, a 17-year-old boy was killed during a march in the Chacao district in eastern Caracas on Wednesday, taking the overall death toll since the beginning of April to 66, according to prosecutors Getty Images

56/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI director James Comey is sworn in during a hearing before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

57/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI Director James Comey testifies during a US Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

58/65 8 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica trains at the University of West Indies in Kingston. Bolt says he is looking forward to having a party as he launches his final season on June 10 with what will be his last race on Jamaican soil. The 30-year-old world's fasted man plans to retire from track and field after the 2017 London World Championships in August Getty Images

59/65 8 June 2017 Acquanetta Warren, Mayor of Fontana, California, reacts after US President Donald Trump introduced himself before the Infrastructure Summit with Governors and Mayors at the White House in Washington, US REUTERS/Yuri Gripas

60/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reason Getty Images

61/65 8 June 2017 A woman reacts at the place where 17-year-old demonstrator Neomar Lander died during riots at a rally against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas, Venezuela, June 8, 2017. The sign reads: 'Neomar, entertainer for ever' REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado

62/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reasons Getty Images

63/65 8 June 2017 Queen Maxima of The Netherlands visits Tobroco Machines in Oisterwijk, Netherlands. The company is a manufacturer of machines for use in agriculture, road construction and field maintenance. Tobroco is winner of the 2016 Koning Willem 1 Award for entrepreneurship Getty Images

64/65 7 June 2017 A family member of an inmate tries to stop a truck used to transfer prisoners, outside a prison where a riot took place on Tuesday, in Ciudad Victoria, Mexico REUTERS/Josue Gonzalez


~_~


Fixed-term gas and electricity contracts often include exit fees but Ofgem rules bar companies from charging these during the final 49 days of a contract Andrew Milligan/PA

British Gas is being investigated by the energy regulator over concerns that it may have wrongly told customers they would be charged up to £60 for switching to a different supplier.

Ofgem said that it had opened an investigation into Britain’s biggest energy supplier to examine whether it had breached licence conditions related to charging exit fees. If found to have breached licence conditions it could face a fine.

Fixed-term gas and electricity contracts are typically cheaper than indefinite standard variable tariffs, but often include exit fees that penalise a customer if they switch before the contract term is up.

Ofgem rules bar companies from charging these fees during the final 49 days of a contract, termed the “switching period”, so that they can sign…


~_~


I'm no stranger to wild behaviour – but there's one thing that even I wouldn't do, and that's running "with" the bulls in Pamplona, Spain. That can f**k right off.

While there may be guts (from the runners who are gored), there certainly isn't any glory in trying to stay a few steps ahead of frightened, confused bulls. In the lead-up to the event, the animals are held in dark enclosures before being forced out – usually with an electric shock prod – into the jeering, drunken crowd.

As they are momentarily blinded by the sunlight and struggle to take in their surroundings, men hit them with sticks and rolled-up newspapers. The panicked animals take off running down the city's slippery cobblestone streets, often losing their footing and slamming into walls – or spectators – in their desperate attempt to flee the chaos.

This isn't a test of nerve and resolve. It's a pathetic display of human idiocy and cruelty.

Bulls gore spectators and matadors after breaking free during bullfight

At the end of the day, each bull is herded into the city's bullring to fight to the death – except that it'll never be a fair contest. From the moment he enters the ring, he has no chance of winning. As many as eight men spear and stab the exhausted animal to weaken him further.

At this point, he sometimes drowns in his own blood, but if not, the matador finally attempts to kill him with a sword. If the matador's bravado ends in failure, an executioner enters the ring to sever the bull's spine with a dagger. This, too, can be botched, leaving him paralysed but still alive as his wounded, bleeding body is dragged out of the arena.

Then another bull enters, and the horrific process starts all over again. It's truly more twisted than anything I could have imagined, even during my wildest days with Mötley Crüe.

Pamplona's Running of the Bulls

And let's be honest: if people paid to watch a man in a sparkly leotard torment and butcher a dog or cat in this way, we wouldn't dare try to excuse it as "tradition" – we'd declare him a sicko, lock him up, and throw away the key.

Fortunately, most people in Spain don't support bullfighting, and many consider it a national disgrace. It's the tourists who keep the bullfights alive and the bulls dying.

By paying money to run with the bulls or attend bullfights – even out of curiosity or by passively going along with events lined up for them in their travel itinerary – they are supporting cruelty. By the time they rush out of the arena in horror, the damage has already been done.

Fortunately, organisations like PETA and other kind people are working to get these cruel, cowardly spectacles banned across Spain – and they have my support. I hope they have yours, too. Because from music to motocross, we have limitless ways to entertain ourselves that don't involve harassing, torturing or killing animals.

Tommy Lee is a writer, television personality, drummer, and cofounder of the heavy metal band Mötley Crüe. He's an animal rights advocate and a long-time supporter of PETA


~_~


A recent puzzle had a theme which was mis-reported as a printing error. Themes and hidden messages may be more common than you think ...

I’ll be quixotic to avoid spoilers, but today seems quite appropriate for this question: is this a place to discuss quick crosswords?



Take the Times’s concise puzzle, which has been in the news. Devotees of that puzzle will have noticed, over time, that it is now never merely a set of definitions. One day, you might spot that some of the rows of the completed grid contain two-word phrases. Another day, perhaps, there are some symmetrically arranged Ks – as has happened in that paper and elsewhere.

Every so often, the theme is more explicit. Here’s a selection of down clues from Times2 Concise 7,358, published last month:



1. Large cat (5)

3. Cat (4)

6. Large cat (7)

7. Large cat (7)

12. Large cat (7)

13. Cat (7)

19. Cross between 21 down and 1 down (5)

21. Large cat (4)

And here’s the peculiar thing. The more obvious a setter makes his or her special feature, the more likely it is to be mistaken, not for a feature, but for a bug. The Mirror reported on the puzzle like this:

Clearly there was a malfunction in the printing of yesterday’s Times crossword, because it had many more people than usual scratching their heads.

Imagine how much head-scratching would be caused by the revelation that every single day, the Times’s second section publishes a puzzle with just such an “error”, some of them disguised with Bletchley-like levels of ingenuity (incidentally, the crosswords-in-D-Day story has reappeared this week in the Washington Post).

I’ve yet to work out when this Times tradition began: there is a long period in which, as far as I can see, there are no hidden extras, and a transition phase when special tricks appeared now and again. If you have any intelligence on this, please do share.



Because for me, the answer to the question at the top is: yes. If a quick crossword tries out tricks where, say, all the four-letter answers are anagrams of each other, that is surely wordplay. And if the wordplay might help the solver to get some answers where the definitional clues have not provided clarity, then you’re really talking about cryptic crosswording in disguise.

Over to you.


~_~


David Beckham has defended kissing his daughter Harper on the lips – after a photo of the pair sparked a debate about boundaries in parenting.

The veteran football star posted a photograph of him kissing his five-year-old daughter on a beach last month, but some of his followers responded by calling it “inappropriate”.

But in a discussion on Facebook Live, Beckham insisted he is “very affectionate” with his kids because that is how he was brought up.

He said: “I got actually criticised for kissing my daughter on the lips the other day. I kiss all my kids on the lips.

Kiss for Daddy ❤️ A post shared by David Beckham (@davidbeckham) on Jun 1, 2017 at 10:55am PDT

“Brooklyn, maybe not. Brooklyn’s 18, he might find that a little bit strange. But I’m very affectionate with the kids. It’s how I was brought up and Victoria, and it’s how we are with our children.

“We want to show our kids love and we protect them, look after them, and support them, and we’re very affectionate with them.”

One doctor previously provoked anger after suggesting that parents should not kiss their child on the lips because it could be “confusing”.

Dr Charlotte Reznick, a child and educational psychologist at Californian university UCLA, said: “If you start kissing your kids on the lips, when do you stop? It gets very confusing.”

Happy Birthday baby girl 🙏🏻💕 We all love you so much 💜💜💜 X @davidbeckham @brooklynbeckham kisses from mummy X A post shared by Victoria Beckham (@victoriabeckham) on Jul 10, 2016 at 1:27am PDT

But child psychologist Dr Fiona Martin disagreed, saying: “It’s beautiful. Anything that promotes emotional connectivity is good. It’s certainly not inappropriate to kiss your child.”

Beckham’s initial post appeared on his Instagram account, on which he had 38 million followers. It was captioned with the words: “Kiss for daddy”, alongside a heart emoji.

The highs and lows of David Beckham







+ show all The highs and lows of David Beckham















































1/25 GETTY IMAGES

2/25 GETTY IMAGES

3/25 GETTY IMAGES

4/25 GETTY IMAGES

5/25 GETTY IMAGES

6/25 GETTY IMAGES

7/25 GETTY IMAGES

8/25 GETTY IMAGES

9/25 GETTY IMAGES

10/25 GETTY IMAGES

11/25 GETTY IMAGES

12/25 GETTY IMAGES

13/25 GETTY IMAGES

14/25 GETTY IMAGES

15/25 GETTY IMAGES

16/25 GETTY IMAGES

17/25 GETTY IMAGES

18/25 GETTY IMAGES

19/25 GETTY IMAGES

20/25 GETTY IMAGES

21/25 GETTY IMAGES

22/25 GETTY IMAGES

23/25 GETTY IMAGES

24/25 GETTY IMAGES

25/25 GETTY IMAGES

It received 2 million likes, but some of the comments included: “David, to kiss lips of your daughter that’s wrong,” and “to be honest kissing your daughter on the lips is a little weird.”

But other fans sprung to his defence, with one writing: “A father having a bond with his child is nothing less than beautiful.” His wife Victoria was the subject of a similar debate in July last year, when she posted a photo of her kissing Harper on the lips in a pool.


~_~


Qatar signals LNG price war for market share in Asia

SINGAPORE Qatar's plan to boost liquefied natural gas (LNG) output by 30 percent is the opening shot in a price war for customers in Asia pitting the Gulf state against competitors from the United States, Russia and Australia.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs


~_~


The idea of a ‘big marriage’ to tackle issues such as North Korea is dead and what might come from their G20 meeting is unknown, but it will be tense

“Occasionally, yes, toughness does involve some old-fashioned ass-kicking,” Donald Trump mused in “Surviving at the Top”.



In his dealings with Chinese leader Xi Jinping, though, the US president has until recently preferred to kiss.

“He is a very good man ... he loves China and he loves the people of China,” Trump fawned after their first date in April at his Mar-a-Lago estate.



In another interview he boasted: “I really liked him a lot. I think he liked me. We have a great chemistry together.”



But as the pair prepare for their second tête-à-tête on the sidelines of the G20 in Hamburg this week, the passion appears to be fading. “So much for China working with us – but we had to give it a try!” Trump tweeted on Wednesday morning before setting off for Europe on Air Force One.

Experts warn that, after a brief and unusual honeymoon, relations between the world’s top two economies are veering towards the rocks after Xi and Trump failed to find common ground over how to rein in North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un.



Kim’s test of an intercontinental ballistic missile aimed at the “American bastards” this week did nothing to improve the atmosphere between Washington and Beijing.

Björn Conrad, the vice president of Berlin’s Mercator Institute for China Studies, said that on reaching the White House Trump had shelved campaign promises to confront Beijing over what he termed its “rapacious” trade practices. He did so in the hope Xi would help him thwart Pyongyang’s nuclear ambitions.



Trump risks global trade war if he restricts imports of steel and aluminum Read more

Beijing, however, had been unwilling to forge such an alliance, meaning the risk of a full-blown US-China trade conflict was now back. “Now the focus of the Trump administration shifts once more – and China is back in the cross-hairs,” Conrad said.



Zhu Feng, the director of Nanjing University’s institute of international studies, agreed ties were entering “a new phase of uncertainty”: “The future of US-China relations is worrying.”



Trump’s shock election fuelled fears of a clash between the world’s top two economies. On the stump and in print, Trump had spent years denigrating Beijing, particularly over the damage he alleged it had inflicted on the US economy.

“There are people who wish I wouldn’t refer to China as our enemy. But that’s exactly what they are,” he wrote in his campaign manifesto, Great Again. When one of Trump’s first post-election acts was to thumb his nose at Beijing by fielding a call from Taiwan’s president those fears intensified.



Chinese New Year, however, appeared to herald a new dawn. In February, Ivanka Trump made a peacemaking visit to the Chinese embassy in Washington. Her husband, Jared Kushner, emerged as a key intermediary between his billionaire father-in-law and China’s top leadership. Two months later, Xi and Trump finally met at Mar-a-Lago, and the US president’s rhetoric pivoted immediately from insults to unbridled affection. “I think in the long term were going to have a very, very great relationship,” Trump gushed, heaping praise on Xi and his “incredibly talented wife”.



In recent weeks, however, the tone has soured, amid signs Trump is losing faith in Xi’s willingness to act on North Korea. In late June he vented his frustrations on Twitter: “While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried.”



Then he bared his teeth. Last week Washington unveiled sanctions against a Chinese bank linked to North Korea, announced a major arms sale to Taiwan and sailed a warship close to a disputed island in the South China Sea - moves experts described as unmistakable snubs designed to convey US dissatisfaction with Xi’s regime.

During a phone call on Monday, Xi warned his US counterpart of “negative factors” that were creeping into what Trump had termed their “great relationship”.



Asked if the Xi-Trump bromance was really over, a spokesperson for the Chinese foreign ministry replied tetchily: “The ‘honeymoon period’ between China and the United States ... is an interpretation of the media. Officials from both the United States and China ... have not employed this expression.”

Orville Schell, the director of the Centre on US-China Relations at New York’s Asia Society, said Trump’s effusive courtship of Xi had been part of a genuine bid to propose “a big marriage” that would have seen the two powers confront North Korea together.



But the US president considered China’s response to his advances – which included halting imports of North Korean coal – inadequate, “so now Trump is starting to drift away and to turn up the heat”.

“I think Xi has missed a great opportunity, actually,” Schell said. “Had he buddied up with Trump and put the screws on North Korea I think he would have gained immensely in other realms like trade, the South China Sea, the East China Sea. But it seems he is not willing or able to really declare himself married to the US and Trump on the question of North Korea.”

Conrad said Trump had hoped that by teaming up with Beijing on North Korea he could achieve “a quick and very visible foreign policy win”. “And then it turns out - as it always does - that reality is just much more complicated than that.”

“I wouldn’t say it was a mistake [for Xi] not to take that offer in exchange for peace on the trade front,” he added. “I don’t think there was real space [for a deal].”

On the eve of their G20 meeting, Trump has hinted his proposal to the Communist party chief still stands. “Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!” he tweeted on Tuesday after Pyongyang’s latest missile test.



Schell predicted Trump would make one final pass at China’s leader in Hamburg: “I think this is the last flight out for Xi.” But it was an offer Xi was likely to decline. “They are such a deeply conservative regime that they have a very difficult time imagining real paradigm shifts and really perceiving how the world has changed and where new convergences of common interests actually lie, à la Kissinger.”

Conrad said the question now was how destructive the fall-out would be. “There will be tensions over trade with China - this is almost certain. But there are still different ways for this to play out,” he said.



Conrad said the best case scenario was a “subtle” trade dispute that stayed within the realms of World Trade Organisation rules. The worst: provocative and blatantly protectionist steps from Trump that thrust both sides into “full-blown trade war mode”.



After months of simpering, “some old-fashioned ass-kicking” may be back on the cards.



Additional reporting by Wang Zhen




~_~


Day

2

The first of the included excursions is to the great city of Barcelona, one of the undoubted highlights of your stay. Lavishly refurbished for the spectacular 1992 Olympics, Barcelona has something for everyone. Upon arrival, enjoy a guided tour, as the city is brought to life by an expert local guide, then enjoy the rest of the day at leisure.



Discover the Modernista route, starting with the grand boulevards of the Eixample district, at the heart of the city's so-called 'Golden Square'. Take in the Passeig de Gracia and modernista architect Antoni Gaudi's unforgettable Casa Mila, or La Pedrera, which houses a museum devoted to his life and work. From here, head to the awesome wonder of his greatest achievement, the unfinished marvel of La Sagrada Familia, the stupendous temple that occupied his last 12 years.



After a day crammed full of highlights, however you decide to spend it, you'll return to the hotel in time for dinner this evening.


~_~


Jack Shepherd: OK, so, what the hell is Love Island?

Christopher Hooton: This isn't actually easy to answer. It's essentially Big Brother - with contestants being slowly voted out of a house (in this case, a Mallorcan villa) by the public and the last pair standing winning £50,000 - only the road to victory is paved with Machiavellian gossiping and condom wrappers. Ostensibly, the ITV2 show is about finding love, but going far in it seems to require successfully walking the tightrope of being honourable without being boring.

I should also note it's quite meta in the sense that the rules literally don't matter and are changed at the producers' whim. It's a complex beast, Jack.

Right. I’m kinda with you. From the outside, it just looks like dozens of swole lads trying to out-alpha male each other in order to "bang". And if I wanted to see that I could just go to Infernos.

True, and wouldn't it be great/sociologically interesting if they televised Infernos?! Like that Fried Chicken Shop show. I guess the appeal is kind of 'people watching' but within this really weird, shiny ITV2 artifice. I swear I've learned more about human beings and how they interact and treat each other from Love Island than a lot of recent scripted shows. I'm plundering the depths of humanity here. This is important research.

Then why hasn’t Big Brother taken off again? That was another example of ‘people watching’ and Love Island just seems like a facsimile, albeit it a more crass one. Frankly, it seems like Love Island only has an edge because of the nudity; or perhaps we just go through reality TV show fads?

I think it's partly down to how bleak the global situation is right now - I actually wrote about this the other day - people need a distraction, something mindless and inconsequential, more than ever. But yes, also it has lots of butts and they're always at a premium on TV.

Yeah, I get that it’s a distraction, and there’s not exactly much joyful TV right now. But I just don’t understand how Love Island has elevated itself above other trash TV shows, to the point where publications who don't normally touch these shows (including this one) are writing about them. What makes Love Island special?

The producers. Big Brother et al were all about rules, to the point where good TV/good contestants would be allowed to fall in accordance with them. If Love Island knows a contestant is good value they'll switch the voting procedure up so it's more likely they'll stay on the island. If everyone is too coupled up and being dull, they'll put the men in a separate house, flood it with women, tell them 'what happens on tour stays on tour' but then feed back photos of them 'cracking on' (to use Love Island parlance) back to their other halves in the main house (this literally happened the other day). They don't draw the line anywhere. They're playing God.

Sounds like there are some seriously weird complexes going on here; I am intrigued. Let’s say, then, I did want to try this thing out, am I too late?

Nope! It's only two-thirds of the way through and the show's actually been extended by a week it's so popular (viewers are well into the millions, which is big for ITV2). I'm suddenly hesitant to recommend it though, it'll take over your life like it has mine. Jesus, I'll never get round to The Handmaid's Tale.

Okay, I’ll give it a go. But, much like the fidget spinner, I may never truly understand the hype.

Thank you and, I think, I'm sorry.


~_~


Those of us soul-searching for reasons Donald Trump has been able to erase Hillary Clinton's formidable mid-summer lead have homed in on several plausible explanations, from media failures to Clinton's health scare. What has largely escaped serious consideration is the fact that Trump, as a candidate, has improved.

The Republican nominee hasn't improved in the sense that he suddenly stands for good ideas or has boned up on policy in any serious way. But if Trump's campaign bottomed out when he mocked the Muslim immigrant family of a dead Iraq war soldier, it is now clearly less erratic. As odious as they may be in their views and public roles, his new top aides, Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway, have brought at least some measure of discipline to the most id-driven candidate in living memory. Trump now reserves his ire for journalists and news outlets rather than Gold Star families. He's even found it within himself to express sympathy with victims of police shootings and grudgingly admit that Barack Obama was born in America.

If unfavorable news coverage drove Clinton's numbers downward, Trump's modicum of discipline might partly explain why his numbers have crept up between mid-August and today. Granted, he has cleared a bar of professionalism so low it could be confused for a tree root. But because much less of what he says now is gut-level extemporaneous pandering, Trump has also compelled us to treat his pronouncements with more seriousness. And the unsurprising picture that has emerged is of a considered, coherent and horrifying program of white supremacy.

This week, Trump has floated a vast punitive policy regime that would mostly leave white communities untouched.

In multiple comments on Wednesday and Thursday, he called for the revival and expansion of stop-and-frisk policing quotas, which amount to government-mandated profiling and harassment of inner-city black men.

"They'll stop, they'll frisk and they'll take the gun away, and they won't have anything to shoot with," Trump explained on Fox News. That Trump proposed this during what has been described as a campaign of "outreach" to black voters is almost as jarring as the breeziness with which Trump -- who falsely accuses Clinton of wanting to repeal the Second Amendment -- advocates taking guns away from black people. The single explanation for both contradictions is that Trump is championing, as a safety measure for black communities, a policy that whites want to impose for their own sense of security.

Also this week, Trump admitted that he wants to ban Muslims and Syrian refugees from entering the United States, not just as a dubious security measure, but as "a matter of quality of life." In a similar vein, he has proposed stripping U.S. citizens suspected of jihadi terrorism of their due process rights, an idea that echoes in alarming fashion his past praise of Saddam Hussein as an efficient extra-judicial terrorist killer. He extended this pattern to non-security issues in promising that under his administration, the country will be rebuilt with "American hands ... not the hands of people from other countries."

In examining why Jewish conservatives have largely fled the GOP this cycle, Jonathan Chait recently wrote: "The whiff of Herrenvolk democracy ... is an especially frightening phenomenon to those who suspect they're not included among the Volk." It's more frightening still when even the vestiges of democracy turn out to be negotiable: All of Trump's above ideas, after all, are likely or clearly unconstitutional.

He envisions an America in which a variety of legal rights don't apply to millions of minorities -- a regime constructed for the enrichment and safeguarding of white people, where the principle of equal protection is eroded into meaninglessness.

And this, supposedly, is Trump at his most docile and controlled -- proposing the imposition of a white ethnocracy.


~_~


Children of Russian oligarchs are expected to celebrate weddings in the most extravagant methods possible and the latest celebration did not disappoint.

Lolita Osmanova chose LA’s iconic Dolby Theatre - where the Oscars take place - as the venue for her wedding to Gaspar Avdolyan, that cost a total of $10m (£7.7m).

No expense was spared on the extravagant occasion and Lady Gaga and Jason Derulo were flown in to perform. The wedding celebration included a ten-tier golden cake and the flowers alone are believed to have cost a total of $500,000 (£386,000), according to Russian newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda.

Lolita Osmanova is the daughter of tycoon Eldar Osmanov, owner of the energy sales company Mezhregionsoyenergo. Albert Avdolyan, a Russian telecommunications magnate is the father of her husband Gaspar, and is among Russia’s richest businessmen with capital of $750m (£580m) according to Forbes.





Wedding guests were greeted by several rows of classic violinists, a symphony orchestra and a ballet performance.

Lolita, 22, wore a dramatic floor-length gown designed by Zuhair Murad, with resplendent jewels and intricate lace. Opulent flower arrangements adorned the gold aisle and every table had centrepiece displays of red roses.

Chimney sweeps at weddings - in pictures







+ show all Chimney sweeps at weddings - in pictures





1/4 Kevin Giddings has been a chimney sweep since he was 21

2/4 Giddings has been appearing at weddings to wish couples luck for over three decades

3/4 The sweep has had over 12 cats during his career

4/4 He admits some couples aren't sure how to respond when he appears at their big day

The bride changed into a second dress featuring elaborate feathered decoration for Lady Gaga’s set - believed to have cost £1.6m.

Lady Gaga was flown in to perform at the wedding

One of the guests was couture jeweller Loren Rodkin, who wrote on Instagram: "I'm in Russia or Armenia or in an episode of Armenia’s Got Talent?…I can’t tell. Wedding at the Dolby theatre."

Moscow TV stars Andrey Malakhov and Kseniya Sobchak hosted the wedding with Russian celebrities Svetlana Loboda, Stas Mikhailov and Nikolai Baskov also attending.

The KP report said: "It's hard to imagine, but if someone decides to outdo this celebration - then, apparently, the wedding will have to be celebrated on Mars."


~_~


Jager-bombs, snake-bites and cheap squash mixed with vodka are fine to neck when you’re an undergrad and your dignity matters less than getting wasted.

But as you reach your thirties, and surpass that milestone, you’ll find that people also posing as adults will come to your home, and for some reason they won’t want to drink bottom-shelf cider from a novelty mug. Just a heads up, they’ll probably also expect wine glasses.

Oh and, from experience, picking up some plastic picnicware in Tesco an hour before people in their 30s come round is not acceptable and is not conducive to looking like you have your life together. Sorry...

Thankfully, help is at hand as top bartenders have run down the drinks that a person should get to grips with before they turn 30, or need to learn sharpish if they’ve already hit that age.

An Old Fashioned

This drink combines 50ml whiskey or brandy, 1 teaspoon of sugar and two or three dashes of angostura bitters and citrus rind. “It's simple yet sophisticated classic cocktail that you’ll drink for the rest of your life,” says Peter Tunney of London’s European Bartender School. “All you need is a good bottle of bourbon and a few condiments to make it but it serves as the perfect remedy for pretty much anything."

Mojito

"There are a handful of cocktails everyone should know how to make before they turn 30 but nothing says ‘at home cocktail aficionado’ than a well-made Mojito," suggests Be At One Brand Ambassador, Ricardas Znamenskas.

“To make the perfect Mojito, simply add mint sprigs to a long glass and press lightly with a muddler to release the flavour. Half-fill a tall glass with crushed ice before adding rum, lime juice, lemon juice and sugar syrup. Churn the mixture with a spoon before topping with soda water and capping with more crushed ice. Served with a sprig of mint and a straw, the added attention to detail will make it an instant talking point."

“What’s more, the Mojito is also a great drink when catering for those not wanting alcohol – simply miss out the alcohol for a delicious non-alcoholic version," adds Znamenskas.

The Milanese G&T

This cocktail is an Italian take on a British classic with the amazing flavour of Campari, according to Joe St Clair Ford of member’s club Disrepute in Soho, London. "People are trying to be experimental with how they enjoy their gin. A great alternative to the classic gin and tonic is the Milanese G&T." To whip up this cocktail take one part gin, one part Campari, top up with tonic water to taste and add twist of lemon or a wedge of lime.

Berlin Sour

David Cole, the drinks development manager for Roc & Rye opening in Manchester this summer calls this a "surprisingly delicious sour drink". The Berlin Sour is made using 50ml kummel, 25ml lemon juice and 10ml maraschino. The mixture is then shaken and strained and garnished with a cocktail cherry at the bottom of the glass. "The kummel offers a strong caraway backbone, which is softened by the sweet acidity of lemon and the dryness of maraschino. If you love daiquiris, give this a try – you won’t be disappointed,” says Cole.

Greenpoint

“A sweet herbaceous riff on the better-known Manhattan cocktail,” says Cole. “The peppery rye whiskey and smooth sweet vermouth remain, but the addition of chartreuse makes this slightly punchier. One sip warms you up and makes you feel like it’s probably doing you some good... It’s delectably quaffable, either way." To make a Greenpoint, take 50ml whiskey, 15ml sweet vermouth, 10ml yellow chartreuse, and two dashes Angostura bitters. Stir, and strain into a martini glass. Twist an orange zest over the drink and discard

Negroni

“Before you turn 30, learn to make a Negroni,” advises, bar manage at Craft London, Dave Brosnan. “It’s not just ‘cool’ right now, it’s a brilliant drink. It’s also easy, equal parts of Campari, Gin, and Vermouth, all stirred over ice. If you want to impress, experiment changing the Campari for other Italian amari like Cynar, a bittersweet amaro made from artichokes.

“At Craft London we took this a step further with the Cutty Sark, exchanging the vermouth for a mix of lemon juice and raspberry tea syrup. It’s a complex and vibrant drink that still has its roots firmly grounded in the traditional Negroni recipe.”

Bamboo

"This is a delightfully delicate drink, which is also lower in alcohol content than most," says Cole. "The mixture of sherry and vermouths ensure that it is dry enough to be more-ish, whilst the triple sec brings in a hint of citrusy sweetness. You could drink these over, and over, and over, and over,” says Cole. To create a Bamboo, take 40ml of sherry, 20ml sweet vermouth, 10ml dry vermouth, 5ml triple sec, and two dashes Angostura bitters. Stir, strain into a martini glass and twist an orange zest over the drink.

Charlie Chaplin

The Charlie Chaplin combines 30ml sloe gin, 20ml apricot brandy, and 25ml lime juice, with a twist of the zest of a lemon over the drink. "The bitter-sweet sloes and sweetened apricot are harmonised by the sharp lime juice," says Cole. "It's an easy-drinking sipper that gives you a warm hug from the off. It’s also a great way to use up that sloe gin that you have left over from last Christmas (or possibly the one before that…)."

Bramble

“The Bramble is a modern-masterpiece crafted by legendary English bartender, Dick Bradsell. It’s the perfect cocktail to serve on a scorching hot summer day,” says Tunney. A Bramble features a mix of dry gin, lemon juice, sugar syrup and crème de mûre.


~_~





~_~


Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.


~_~


Tinkers Bubble will stay lodged in my memory for ever. When I recall it, I can smell the grass. It’s unique among low-impact, ecological communities around the UK in being almost entirely free of fossil fuel. They occasionally use paraffin lamps in winter, but all the work they do, they do manually. Haymaking takes place over a couple of days in June or July. I was spending a week there, volunteering and taking photographs, so I joined in.

We got up early each day, at about 4.30am, and worked until about 12, when we’d stop for lunch under a tree: bread, cheese, some cider. It is a beautiful bit of countryside, about a 20-minute walk from the nearest village, Stoke-sub-Hamdon in Somerset. And it was amazing to work in that ancient way, scything, using a pitchfork to turn the hay. You pick up a bundle and turn it in the air and watch it fall down. What made it really special was that we were doing it for Samson, the shire horse in the picture – it was all for his winter feed.

This photograph was taken on the second day, shortly after lunch. A strap on Samson’s harness broke and everyone had to stop. I went to sit under a tree, and when I looked over, I saw this timeless scene, which seemed to capture not just that moment but the culmination of the whole two days, and everything about life in the community. It’s one of only two handheld shots in my series. Immediate, and backlit to some extent, but with a beautiful light.

A trip to Glastonbury festival in 1994 first sparked my interest in this type of community. Some people were demonstrating how to build a bender – an eco-dwelling made of hazel-wood poles, bent and tied and covered with canvas. The structures we build and the communities they embody have always been a way of understanding the world, and these benders stuck with me. In 2004, I decided to record communities around the country living in these and other kinds of low-impact structures. Tinkers Bubble was the second I found – they’d been going for a decade already when I met them. It sounds like a fairytale name, but it’s the local name of a stream on the land where tinkers used to water their horses.

Scything is hard labour. Living this way is very hard – it takes a person with a good set of skills. And the community has fought hard to do what they do, with their appeals for planning permission going all the way to the High Court. In the 90s, the government decided their subsistence farming wasn’t a practical pattern of land use: it was not sustainable in any wider national sense that other people could live like this. But after the Conservatives lost the election, in 1997, the community reapplied. In 1999, they got permission to continue for five years. This permission has since been renewed and extended but it still remains temporary.

The beauty of the scene captured here is countered by the weight of the politics. But it also represents this idea of a simpler life. Like Henry David Thoreau spending a couple of years in his hut at Walden Pond, it taps into a desire to figure out what you truly need in life. At Tinkers Bubble, when someone is poorly, everyone helps. They eat communally every day, taking turns to cook.

Samson died a few years after this photograph was taken, and is buried on the grounds. He was a great horse – it took the community a long while to find another. Horses are central to everything they do, from the communal logging business to pub outings. There is another shot, of everyone coming back from their local, where we’d gone for a drink. There’s something very special about going to the pub in a horse-driven cart, tying him up on the street outside and sitting in the garden so we can keep an eye on him.



Life inside Tinkers Bubble is refreshing, and I remember how amazed I was on my first visit. I parked my car and walked up a path through an orchard, past Samson grazing in his field, climbed over a solar-powered electric fence, walked past allotments and polytunnels, solar panels and a wind generator and then up a steep hill that got steeper. At the top, sheltered from view under a canopy of Douglas fir, were a handful of dwellings arranged around the communal roundhouse. Each first visit I made to a community was wonderful. I felt as if I’d arrived in a parallel reality. I couldn’t believe that, in 21st-century, Britain people were living like this.

David Spero’s CV

Born: London, 1963.

Trained: MA of photography, Royal College of Art, London.



Influences: Robert Adams, Walker Evans, Roger Fenton and Philip K Dick.



High point: Going to press last January for the Settlements book – 12 years after taking the first photograph.



Top tip: Work on the things that inspire and fascinate you, and follow the path they take you on.

• Settlements by David Spero is out now.


~_~


Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.


~_~


WASHINGTON—North Korea’s provocative July 4 test of an intercontinental ballistic missile comes as the Trump administration faces an uncomfortable reality: Any use of force against North Korea carries the risk of a catastrophic war and could still fail to stop the regime from wielding a nuclear arsenal.

A recent review of the issue at the White House provided American officials with possible options on North Korea, including the outside possibility of using force against the regime or its nuclear facilities with the aim...


~_~


We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

Thank you for your support.


~_~


U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.


~_~


With new Monarch flights starting from Luton, Birmingham and Manchester, it's easier than ever to reach Porto. The home of port wine, Portugal's enchanting second city also offers a winning blend of austere architecture and cutting-edge design, plus buzzy bars and beaches, just up the Douro river.

What to see

Porto is bursting with beautiful structures: blue-tiled churches here, Eiffel-designed bridges there. Be sure to gasp at twin-towered Se do Porto cathedral – and climb to its mesmerising miradouro (lookout) – and nearby Sao Bento station's blue-and-white azulejo tiles. Then, for more modern kicks, admire Casa da Musica, a concert hall hewn from stark white concrete, and the Serralves, Portugal's finest contemporary art museum.

Image 2 of 4 Description Casa da Musica

Take some time out

On the Douro's southern shore is Vila Nova de Gaia (aka Gaia) and the original old port lodges of companies like Cockburn's and Croft. Tasting and walking tours are available, but for slicker sampling cross back over the river to Vinologia, whose port flights are as heavenly as they are educative. Don't swallow? Fat chance.

Where to shop

A glut of design-focused, multipurpose spaces have materalised in recent years, most hawking desirable handmade products. Lobo Taste and Scar.ID are two such, while newly arrived Armazem is an old wine warehouse turned cafe, gallery and shops, selling everything from vintage clocks to chic handbags.

Image 3 of 4 Description Serralves

Where to eat

Petiscos (Portuguese tapas) are available in most bars and restaurants, but the classic snack is something saltier. 'Being so near to the sea, Porto is famous for its fish,' says Margarida Ribeiro, an editor of gastro website Porto Tasty. 'I suggest Taverna do Sao Pedro: it's a very traditional seafood restaurant that few tourists know.'

Where to drink

A bookstore focused on art and cinema by day, Candelabro transforms into a smoky bar after-dark, although many guests congregate on the pavement just outside. It's the kind of place that is effortlessly but unpretentiously hip: everyone's friendly and welcoming. Bottles of Super Bock beer cost only a few euros and DJs play late on weekends.

Image 4 of 4 Description View from the Tree Garden at The Yeatman

Where to stay

Porto's chicest residents clink pink port and tonics at The Yeatman's suntrap rooftop, set on a hillside above the city. Inside, this five-star hotel affords its guests an extensive spa, an equally extensive wine cellar and fine dining.


~_~


Donald Trump begins his second foreign foray as US President today with a stop-off in Poland before heading to the G20 summit in Germany on Friday. Trump’s trip comes at a time of troubles for him, internationally, with publics in many countries already having less confidence in him than George W Bush at the height of his own travails as president.

Given Trump’s unpopularity is particularly marked in Western Europe, it is no coincidence that he has decided to make a Polish stop-off where Washington recently deployed hundreds of troops. The country’s government, run by the conservative, Eurosceptic Law and Justice Party, has been much more welcoming of Trump than many other EU counterparts, and the country is one of only four NATO members other than the United States that spends the 2 per cent target of GDP on defence.

Examples of the Polish administration’s affinity with Trump include its opposition to immigration, support for burning coal, and scepticism of multilateral institutions. Right now, for instance, Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo finds herself in heated battles with the EU over her administration’s refusal to resettle refugees and migrants, and opposition to judicial changes that Brussels says will weaken the rule of law.

Recalling former US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld’s controversial division between so-called “Old Europe” in the west of the continent and “New Europe” in the east, Trump will also attend the Three Seas initiative. This is a conference in Wroclaw for leaders from 12 Central European, Baltic and Western Balkan states.

MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski responds to Donald Trump's attack

Yet, despite the warm reception the US president will receive in Poland, he is likely to find himself in a significant foreign policy disagreement even here. That is because many in the country are concerned about Russia’s resurgence, especially given Trump’s previous scepticism of NATO and his occasionally warm rhetoric toward Vladimir Putin.

However, the trip’s overall theme will be US-Polish solidarity and this will bolster Trump before the G20 which could be a significantly rougher ride for him. Criticism he could receive at that German summit stems from his “America First” philosophy, including his controversial withdrawal from the Paris climate change deal; his pledge to build a “Mexican wall”; plus his temporary travel ban for six Muslim-majority countries.

The latest evidence of the extent of international disdain for Trump is found in a major report last week from Pew Global Research. Remarkably, this found that around three quarters of the world has little or no confidence in his international leadership and policies. Indeed, in many countries, support for the President is lower than that for Bush in 2004 after the controversial US-led invasion of Iraq.

To be sure, at least two significant countries – Israel and Russia – have much higher faith in Trump and his international leadership. But these are very much the exceptions in a sea of international negativity toward him from Asia-Pacific to the Americas.

As last week’s Pew data revealed, the spike in anti-US sentiment in many countries for the first time since Bush’s presidency means Trump now has potential to become the least popular ever US president overseas in modern history. And this could undercut much of the work that Barack Obama undertook to turn around the climate of perception about the country in the last eight years.

Covfefe, Meryl Streep and North Korea - Trump's most controversial tweets

Coming into office in 2009, Obama confronted a situation in which anti-US sentiment was at about its highest levels since at least the Vietnam War. The key factor driving this was the international unpopularity of the Bush administration’s foreign policies in the so-called “war on terror”.

The Obama team did much to reverse these public opinion patterns. And according to one research study, by Anholt-GfK Roper Nation Brands Index, which uses the same tools that consultants use to value corporate brands, the “Obama effect” was estimated to have raised the value of “Brand America” by $2.1 trillion in the first year of his presidency alone.

This reflected the substantial increase in foreigners regarding the United States as the most admired country in the world again following the Bush presidency. And this turnaround in fortunes was not only been welcomed in Washington but also in corporate America, following concerns during the Bush years that US-headquartered multinationals were becoming a focus for a commercial backlash because of anti-Americanism.

However, despite successes, Obama’s progress was uneven. Perhaps the biggest failure of his global public diplomacy was toward what he called the Islamic world.

For instance, despite the early promise of his Cairo speech in his first term in which he sought to reset US relations with Muslim-majority countries, there remain pockets of very high anti-Americanism in several key states. This includes in countries like Pakistan and Egypt which Obama failed to substantially address, as surveys have shown over recent years.

Yet, despite this, more than 64 per cent of global publics overall had trust in Obama’s international leadership in the final year of his presidency: far cry from the situation for Trump today.

Indeed, it is crystal clear that much of the world still wishes that Hillary Clinton was elected last November. Although she lost last year’s US election, she was the stand-out winner in last year’s poll of nearly 50,000 people in 45 countries, covering 75 per cent of the world, by WIN/ Gallup International Association. The survey found that the public in all but one country (Russia) wanted Clinton to win over Trump.

And the WIN/Gallup poll results were very similar to that by Handelsblatt last year that was taken with some 20,000 people in the G20. Once again, Russia was the only state where Trump bested Clinton.

Taken overall, the Polish trip will be welcome respite for Trump given growing international disdain for him. As polls indicate, he may become the least popular US president overseas in modern history, undermining his potential for foreign policy success in coming years.

Andrew Hammond is an Associate at LSE IDEAS at the London School of Economics


~_~


Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.


~_~


Um Jad holds her daughter Suha, 2, in the refugee camp where they live, having fled Mosul. Hundreds of children have been left shellshocked by their time in the city under Islamic State, Save the Children says Ahma Baroudi/Save the Children/Press Association

When a bullet from an Islamic State sniper killed her brother, Sara, 11, passed out in shock. “I felt my soul squeezed so hard,” she says, recalling how his body lay for a day outside their home in Mosul.

The trauma did not end with losing a sibling. Sara is one of thousands of Iraqi children who have been psychologically scarred by the brutal fight to retake Mosul from Isis.

They need urgent psychological support lasting years to prevent lifelong damage, according to Save the Children. The charity says there are signs of “toxic stress”, where the mind is constantly in “fight or flight” mode, with some numbed and left “robotic”. About 90 per cent are said to have lost a loved one to violence…


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


The capital city of Africa’s most populous country is to be cut off by air for six weeks because of runway repairs — with the recommended alternative airport in territory on the Foreign Office no-go list.

The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria has announced that Abuja airport will close between 7 March and 19 April 2017.

During the closure, airlines have been invited to land and take off at Kaduna airport, 100 miles north of the capital. But the latest travel advice from the Foreign Office shows that this airport is deep inside "no-go" territory. The FCO warns of the risk of “significant attacks” in Kaduna state, with the city itself “particularly at risk”.

The aviation minister, Senator Hadi Sirika, has inaugurated a security sub-committee aimed at keeping passengers safe in transit between Kaduna and Abuja.

But British Airways has announced that it will cancel all its flights to Abuja during the closure.

The airline said: “We have been informed that the runway at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja will be closed for extensive repairs.

“Unfortunately this means that we have to cancel all flights to/from the airport for that period of time."

BA currently has a daily flight to and from Heathrow. The airline is offering passengers a full refund, the chance to alter the flight date, or to fly instead to Lagos or Accra.

It said: “We hope that we can restart our normal flight schedules from Heathrow to Abuja on the evening of 19 April and from Abuja to Heathrow the following morning on 20 April 2017.”

The US State Department says that American officials in Nigeria are allowed to travel to Kaduna only if they ask permission in advance: “US officials and their families must receive advance clearance by the US Mission for any travel to or from Kaduna, Kano, and Port Harcourt, including overland transit to airports outside Abuja.”

Besides British Airways, six other international airlines currently fly to Abuja: Air France, Egyptair, Ethiopian Airlines, Lufthansa, South African Airways and Turkish Airlines.


~_~


The White House and a pair of influential conservative advocacy groups have endorsed a proposal by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) that would allow health insurers to offer cheaper, less-comprehensive plans as long as they also offered at least one plan that includes the essential consumer protections required by the Affordable Care Act. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has sent Cruz's proposal to the Congressional Budget Office for cost-benefit analysis.

Wednesday's endorsement of the Cruz amendment by the leaders of FreedomWorks and the Club for Growth "is significant: Without at least a neutral stance from conservative groups, it could be impossible for McConnell to find the 50 votes needed to pass a repeal this month," Politico reports. "But what the right is asking for may not be able to pass the Senate." The proposal may well violate budget rules that McConnell is using to push through his bill with 51 votes, and more centrist senators and outside insurance experts are concerned that it would essentially price people with pre-existing conditions and other high medical needs out of the insurance market.

"People who have higher health-care needs and need more comprehensive coverage would choose ACA-compliant plans," said Cori Uccello at the American Academy of Actuaries. "People who are healthy now would tend to choose noncompliant plans with really basic benefits. People who want or need more comprehensive coverage could find it out of their reach, because it might become unaffordable." Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), who was frequently thanked during July 4 festivities for helping at least slow down the bill, agreed that the Cruz language "would lead to adverse selection in the marketplace," adding: "It would also vitiate the important consumer protection of having a prohibition against annual and lifetime caps" on benefits.

Cruz and his allies argue that the amendment would lower premiums and allow individual consumers to essentially opt out of ObamaCare, but touching the pre-existing condition language may be a deal-breaker for other Republicans. "Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee is speaking against it in caucus lunches and Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska, a staunch conservative, also vocally opposes Lee and Cruz's idea," Politico says. "Many senators believe that the House made a critical error by allowing states to opt out of pre-existing condition protections and are determined not to touch that part of ObamaCare." A Senate vote could come as early as next week. Peter Weber


~_~


4:35

How Amazon-Whole Foods Deal Changes Retail: Barron's Buzz

Barron's senior editor Jack Hough and WSJ's Shelby Holliday preview the latest issue of Barron's. Topics include how Amazon's acquisition of Whole Foods will likely change the retail landscape. Also, have we seen the end of the tech rally? Plus, J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon's views on banks and potentially higher dividends.


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


Make your nomination in the comments and a reader will pick the best eligible tracks for a playlist next week – you have until Monday 3 July

This week we are seeking songs that mention or celebrate the various fads and crazes society has collectively fallen for through the years – however enthusiastically and however briefly.

You have until 11pm on Monday 3 July to post your nomination and make your justification. Regular RR contributor who posts in the comments as LyntonCrosby will select from your recommendations and produce a playlist to be published on 6 July.

Here is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the series.

If you want to volunteer to compile a playlist from readers’ suggestions – and potentially blog about the process/selection for the Guardian – please email matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with the subject line “RR guru”, or make yourself known in the comments.

Here’s a reminder of the guidelines for RR:


~_~


Vantiv’s shares fell as it revealed a plan to buy UK payment processor Worldpay for $10 billion. Jeff Goldfarb and John Foley discuss the deal’s logic, and why U.S. bank JPMorgan plays an unusual bit part.


~_~


Questions have been raised about the UK's withdrawal from the London fisheries convention, including whether EU law supersedes UK policy and whether Britain has the capacity to police its own waters.

Environment Secretary Michael Gove announced on Sunday that the UK was "taking back control" of the fishing territory between six and 12 nautical miles from UK coastline, a decision he hailed as an "important moment" for the UK fisheries policy.

However, Michel Barnier, the European Union's chief Brexit negotiator, downplayed Gove's announcement and said EU law supersedes the UK's position.

UK denunciation of London Convention=no change: EU law/Common Fisheries Policy had superseded it. EU 27 interests=my priority for negs — Michel Barnier (@MichelBarnier) July 2, 2017

Others questioned whether the UK has the naval capability to police its own territory. Admiral Lord Alan West, a retired senior officer of the Royal Navy, described the UK plan as "amazingly complacent".

He also warned the country risked becoming a "laughing stock" if it didn't increase the number of vessels needed to police the territory.

The London fisheries convention, signed in 1964, allows vessels from France, Belgium, Germany, Ireland and the Netherlands to fish in waters within six to 12 miles from the UK coast.

The EU Common Fisheries Policy allows all European countries access between 12 and 200 nautical miles of the UK, as well as setting quotas, and some argue it may take precedence over UK law.


~_~


Turning off the A40 onto the single-track road leading to the sleepy village of South Leigh, deep in the Oxfordshire countryside, there’s an immediate sense of getting away from it all. And that’s what many Londoners and locals looking for a grown-up night away from the kids have been doing since the Artist Residence group of boutique hotels relaunched this thatched-roofed 16th-century limestone inn this year.

This is the fourth hotel for owners Justin and Charlotte Salisbury – and, on the face of it, it’s an anomaly in the group. Launched in 2008, Artist Residence have previously opened in louche, bohemian locations including Brighton, Penzance and a London backstreet near Victoria station. A fifth is due to open in Bristol next year.

The hotel is in the beautiful Oxfordshire countryside (Artist Residence)

But this former farmhouse has history. Formerly known as Mr Stonhill’s Most Individual Mason Arms, previous owner Gerry Stonhill hit the headlines when he was fined for flouting the anti-smoking laws – a maverick stance that may well have helped attract famous fans such as chefs Marco Pierre White and Raymond Blanc.

As soon as you walk through the door you know this is no ordinary country inn. Yes, there’s a flagstoned floor, stone fireplace and bentwood chairs. But there’s also a neon sign in the bar that reads “What Did I Do Last Night”, while the lounge houses a large, mirrored cross studded with fairground lights – both artworks by Brighton-based artist Andy Doig. Meanwhile, Pulp Fiction-inspired artworks by the Connor Brothers pepper the Morris & Co floral-papered walls.

The Artist Residence group has established a reputation for food and drink, particularly in Brighton, and Mr Hanbury's Dining Room will only enhance that. Chef Leon Smith’s Michelin-starred background includes Restaurant Tom Aikens and Wild Honey in London and the Pony & Trap in Bristol, and it’s evident in a tasting plate of nibbles that includes a miniature portion of fish and chips, the cod coated in a crispy and deeply-flavoured sourdough batter.

Rooms are livened up with things like freestanding copper baths (Artist Residence)

There’s nothing fiddly or fancy here, just hugely enjoyable dishes made with carefully prepared ingredients that are so local and seasonal that a rump of lamb comes from the neighbouring field and is served with delicately spicy bhajis made with courgettes from the hotel’s own kitchen garden. If you’re not up for the full three courses (and you really should be, because Smith is a name to watch), then grab a burger with triple-cooked chips from the bar menu. Smith even manages to make a breakfast bowl of house-made granola with yoghurt and fresh fruit a thing of beauty.

Location

The rural, well-to-do village of South Leigh is about 10 miles west of Oxford city centre. With a population of 336, a village hall and a church, you’ll need to travel to nearby Witney for anything approaching nightlife. The nearest train station is Hanborough, a 15-minute taxi ride away, or Charlbury, 25 minutes from the hotel. Oxford, of course, is a beautiful place to visit.

Comfort

The five individually designed en suite rooms are all built into the eaves of the building, so expect sloping ceilings and original beams. I stayed in the Farmhouse Suite, the largest of the five. Given the age of the building, the lack of air conditioning was no surprise but on a sweltering summer night it was disappointing to discover that fans for the rooms were still on order.

Although the super-king bed was roomy and had a comfortable mattress, its ornate, Moroccan-style carved headboard banged against the wall with every fitful change of sleeping position. The high quality Volga linen sheets and duvet cover looked the part but weren’t quite up to scratch, being tough on the skin and not as cooling as you’d think on a June night.

I stayed within the first month of opening and teething problems were apparent. The capsule coffee machine was faulty and flooded the desk; the retro dial phone didn’t work when I tried to call reception for help, and one of the back legs of the attractive antique two-seater sofa collapsed under me. Management’s response was impressive, however, with a well-made latte quickly delivered to my room and the coffee machine and sofa replaced while I was at dinner. I was assured the phone system would be looked at, though it was still faulty when I checked out.

Architectural salvage stylings with reclaimed doors on the wardrobe and bathroom, a repurposed and distressed painted cabinet housing the minibar (stocked with Cotswolds lager, cider and gin, Bensons soft drinks and Fever-Tree mixers; a hamper of treats included Mr Trotter’s pork crackling and Rococo chocolates), antique wood-framed mirror and a freestanding copper bath added bags of character. In the bathroom, there was good water pressure in the large rainfall shower as well as organic Bramley bath products.

The three Farmhouse Loft rooms (one of which can be set up as a twin room if required) are smaller but equally attractive with pitched ceilings, lead windows and wooden floorboards and also include super-king beds, rainfall showers, roll-top baths and either armchairs or a sofa. The cosy Rabbit Hole is the smallest room but still has enough space for a king-size bed and compact shower room.

Rooms are livened up with things like freestanding copper baths (Artist Residence)

Work is under way to convert outbuildings into ground-floor, accessible and dog-friendly accommodation (including a three-bedroom family cottage) by the end of 2017, and there are plans for “shepherd’s huts” on an adjoining field that will also be used as an events space for proposed beer and live music festivals. If the Salisburys get their way, South Leigh will soon be just as louche and bohemian as all the other Artist Residence locations – and who wouldn’t want that?

Essentials

Station Road, South Leigh, Oxfordshire OX29 6XN (020 3198 1066; artistresidenceoxford.co.uk)

Doubles from £130, B&B.

Wifi: free

Parking: on site car park, free of charge

Pets: £20 charge per dog, per night. Dog bowl and treats included.

Access: N/A

Rooms: ***

Service: ****

Value: ***


~_~


Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.


~_~


Day

4

A marvellous day awaits as we delve deeper into the Green Mountain State of Vermont, where the maples, cedars and aspens are ablaze with red, orange and golden leaves. Visit the quintessential New England village of Woodstock with its covered bridge and traditional Main Street before we cross the Kancamagus Highway - often voted best spot for foliage viewing - heading to North Conway and on to Bethel, Maine, for two nights.


~_~


Thé Noir 29, Le Labo

£120 for 50ml (libertylondon.com)

They say Le Labo’s Thé Noir 29 has a delightful signature accord that pays homage to the noble tea leaf and the craft that surrounds it.

We say There is no doubt that £120 is a lot to drop on a perfume — but let’s consider the positives here. First, Le Labo is the trendiest perfume brand in the fragrance market. The fashion pack extol the New York-based company for its indie status and its unique range of scents that linger on the front row long after their smartly clad bottoms have left it. Second, you get bang for your buck. Just a light spritzing behind the ears of Thé Noir 29 delivers a powerful scent, deep…


~_~


ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Karl Lagerfeld presented a very Parisian haute couture collection for Chanel on Tuesday (July 4) in that most Parisian of settings - the foot of the Eiffel Tower. Lagerfeld has a history of eye-catching set designs for his runway shows and models have previously weaved through an airport departure lounge, a supermarket and a busy brasserie. This season it was back to basics with a scaled-down reconstruction of the 324-metre high tower as backdrop for unveiling a collection including demure A-line skirts and wide-legged jumpsuits in classic Chanel tweed. Models were crowned with matching bowler-style hats in keeping with the collection's vintage feel, but their low block heels were transparent in a modern twist. Haute couture fashion week is open to an exclusive club of designers who make bespoke collections by hand with Chanel, Dior and Jean-Paul Gaultier among the current members. Another of Lagerfeld's labels, Fendi, is set to close couture fashion week on Wednesday.


~_~


Ferrari has released a new entry into the front-engined super GT market to replace 2012's critically acclaimed F12 Berlinetta.

The 812 Superfast houses a 6.5-litre naturally aspirated V12 engine with a power output of 789bhp and 530lb-ft of torque - 49bhp and 20lb-ft more than the F12. That's enough to send the aptly-named car from 0-62mph in 2.9secs and on to a top speed of 211mph.

The engine is paired to a seven-speed dual-clutch gearbox which channels power to the rear axle, while the rear wheels are fitted with the second generation of the company's virtual short wheelbase steering system, helping the car navigate corners more easily than its predecessor.

Ferrari says the 812 Superfast's design has been inspired the carmaker's 1969 365 GTB4, incorporating cues such as the high tail and sloping roofline.

It's the most powerful front-engined road car Ferrari has ever made, but how does it compared to the F12 it replaces? Here's what the critics think.

Design

Ferrari has completely overhauled the underpinnings and aerodynamics of its super GT, meaning it should be considered an all-new car rather than a replacement for 2012's F12, says AutoExpress.

It retains its predecessor's front-engined, rear-wheel drive layout and also gets "a new rear-wheel-steering system" together with "Ferrari's Side Slip Control", which lets drivers slide the car without spinning it.

In addition, there is an "active and passive" aerodynamic system, adds the mag, allowing the 812 Superfast to generate more grip at higher speeds without the negative side-effects of drag.

The design has clearly been derived from the F12, says the Daily Telegraph, although the new car is now "festooned in aerodynamic aids that are effective yet discreet".

"You have to study it carefully to comprehend the extent of the airflow management", the newspaper adds. Onlookers will be able to see small ducts and "passive aerodynamics" that have been incorporated "to produce downforce while reducing lift and turbulence around the high tail".

Buyers can also choose from a new colour called "Rosso Settanta" celebrating the company's 70-year anniversary.

Interior

Inside, the super GT gets a pair of new sports seats that are firm but "clamp you in place" for a perfect view of the car's dashboard, Evo says.

It is packed with leather and carbon fibre and gets Ferrari's multifunctional steering wheel, featuring the Manettino switch used for cycling through different driving modes.

"It's certainly the most liveable car with this kind of performance at any price", says Car.

The 812 Superfast "inherits some of the new dash layout from the Ferrari GTC4 Lusso", with its "twin-screen layout" located either side of the rev-counter giving drivers "the most important info right in front of [them]".

It's also "pleasingly practical", says the mag, with a boot space of around 320-500-litres, "depending on how you configure it".

On the road

Although the 812 Superfast is "groaning in electronic aids" to help drivers cope with its 789bhp, it "remains a chiefly analogue experience" on the road, Car says.

Refinements to its aerodynamic and classic set-up, as well as the abundance of driver aids, means it feels "less nervous than the F12 it replaces". It also "turns in eagerly" and will impress drivers with the speed it carries through corners.

"There is much witchcraft occurring within this chassis," says Top Gear, as the rear-wheel steering helps the car get around bends quickly without the driver feeling the onboard electronics working.

Switching to the softer suspension settings irons out bumps in the road nicely, adds the site, although it is a little firmer than the F12.

It's "simply mighty" on the road, says the Telegraph, praising the front-engined supercar's composure on even the most challenge of road surfaces.

The engine note is equally as impressive, as the newspaper says the V12 motor provides a "perfectly executed blip during downchanges."

Some buyers may want a manual gearbox for a more engaging experience, but the paper says the car's dual-clutch system is so good that most won't need a manual transmission to get their driving kicks.

Verdict

The Superfast's "straight-line performance alone has gone from outrageous to thoroughly ridiculous", says AutoExpress.

Indeed, adds the mag, it's such a drastic improvement that it's difficult to see how the 812 Superfast will ever be superseded.

Evo says it "feels approximately twice as fast" on the road as it does on a race track, but the array of onboard computers will "help you keep your quarter million pound 812 Superfast out of the undergrowth".

It also says the sheer performance of the car means it's difficult to pinpoint a rival offering a similar driving experience "at any price point" in the market.

Autocar agrees, saying there are no rivals in this price range that come close to the Superfast's level of performance and "few feel this comfortable to push hard in".

While it's "less natural" than the front-engined Aston Martin Vanquish, continues the mag, the 812 Superfast offers buyers a better driving experience in almost every area over the British-made GT.

Price and release

The Ferrari 812 Superfast is available to order now, says AutoExpress, with prices starting at £253,004. However, expect that number to rise substantially after a few optional extras are added on.


~_~


It's official. Alexandre Lacazette has finally become Arsenal's record signing, joining from Lyon in a deal which the Daily Mail says "could be worth up to £53m" with £7m in add-ons on top of the £46m fee.

Having completed his medical at Arsenal's training centre in Hertfordshire on Tuesday, the Lyon frontman then put pen to paper on Wednesday and signed a five-year deal that makes him the club's record signing, surpassing the £42.5m that Arsenal paid for Mesut Ozil in 2013.

The Mail says that Lacazette will link up with his new teammates for a pre-season tour to Australia and China next week.

Arsene Wenger was cock-a-hoop at the signing, telling the official Arsenal website: "We are very happy to have Alexandre join our group. He has shown over a number of years that he can score goals and that he is a very efficient finisher… he is a guy who is a great addition for us, and someone who will help us challenge at the top level this season."

Lacazette was also chuffed at the prospect of playing in the Europa League next season, declaring himself "delighted and very proud" to have signed for the club. Asked why, he said: "Throughout my childhood, thanks to Thierry Henry and other French players, I always dreamed of playing for this club so today that dream has been fulfilled."

Lacazette also praised the club's past, and their manager, saying of Wenger: "The fact that the manager has been here for a while shows that it is a stable club which I like." And asked if he had a message for those fans, many of whom spent last season demanding the head of their manager, Lacazette said: "I want to give one hundred per cent in every match. I want to show I'm worthy of the shirt. I want to do everything I can to make sure we win titles."

Lacazette's arrival does not seem to have left Alexis Sanchez overly impressed says Metro.

The Gunners hoped the striker's arrival would convince him that Arsenal were serious contenders in the Premier League, but the paper says that the Chilean marksman is now "demanding £400,000-a-week to sign a new contract" and the Gunners have told him where to get off.

Apparently the most they are prepared to pay Sanchez a week is £275,000 and it remains to be seen whether the South American will accept this derisory sum.


~_~


Mark Cavendish has withdrawn from the Tour de France after he suffered a fractured shoulder blade in a horrendous crash 200 metres from the finish line on stage four. Cycling’s governing body quickly disqualified the world champion, Peter Sagan, for a dangerous move in the sprint finish in which he appeared to elbow the British rider to the floor.

Tour de France: Arnaud Démare wins stage four after late crashes – live! Read more

Cavendish also sustained a heavy cut to his hand and was taken to hospital for x-rays to investigate injuries to the shoulder he damaged in a similar pile-up at the end of the first stage of the Tour in Harrogate in July 2014. In a chaotic finale, the yellow jersey holder, Geraint Thomas, also fell – but to no ill effect.

On Tuesday night it was confirmed that Cavendish’s Tour is over. “I’m obviously massively disappointed to get this news about the fracture,” he said. “I feel I was in a good position to win [the stage] and to lose that and even having to leave the Tour, a race I have built my whole career around, is really sad.”

Cavendish’s sporting director at Dimension Data, Roger Hammond, described the move that led to Sagan’s expulsion as “a flick of the elbow which was completely outrageous”. He added: “No one comes out of it well. This is a sad, sad day for the sport, Sagan is a hero and an idol of mine but a precedent has to be set.”

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Peter Sagan and Mark Cavendish during the final sprint of the 4th stage of the Tour de France. Photograph: Yoan Valat/EPA

Sagan was initially relegated to 115th place on the stage – last place in the lead bunch – and received the standard sanction of a 30-second time penalty but the president of the jury, Philippe Marien, said the referees applied a sterner sanction because the world champion “had put several other riders involved in the crash in danger”.

Sagan’s Bora-Hansgrohe team announced they had officially protested about the Slovak’s expulsion. The German team said Sagan “rejected [the claim] to have caused, or in any way intended to cause, the crash of Mark Cavendish”. On Wednesday morning, Sagan appeared to have accepted his fate.

“I can accept the decision but for sure I do not agree with them, because I think I have done nothing wrong,” Sagan said in a statement delivered outside the team hotel.

“It is very bad that Mark fell down, it is important he can recover well, I am sorry for that,” he added. “As you saw it was a crazy sprint, it was not the first one like that or the last one. I wish that Mark recovers well.”

In two crashes in the final kilometres involving about 20 riders, it was Cavendish who came off worst, being the first of three sprinters to hit the deck. He lay prone on the tarmac as the rest of the group passed and crossed the line several minutes after the stage winner, Arnaud Démare. Cavendish was holding his right shoulder, with his skin suit ripped from shoulder to waist, and with heavy bandaging on his right hand.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mark Cavendish crosses the line in obvious pain following the crash. Photograph: Christophe Ena/AP

“I’m going to go and get it checked out,” he said. “I will definitely need stitches in this finger, it’s bleeding a lot. With the shoulder, it might be something to do with a previous injury, it’s sat backwards, so I’m not sure if I’ve done something to the ligament. I’m not a doctor but from the feelings, I’m not optimistic.”

The Guardian understands he hit the road so hard he folded the spider and the chainring of his chainset so that they were pointing backwards. Sagan was one of several riders, including Cavendish, who launched their sprints in the wake of the Norwegian Alexandr Kristoff and were accelerating to full speed with around 250m to go. Cavendish was following Démare through a gap between Sagan and the crowd barriers when the Slovak moved to his right, making contact with the Manxman.

Sagan then lifted his elbow up and Cavendish was forced into the barriers in a split second and fell heavily on his right side. “There was no reason for that elbow,” said Hammond. “As a former professional bike rider I know the way it is done.” The German John Degenkolb, who was close behind, rode over Cavendish’s body and helmet and also fell, while the Briton Ben Swift performed a somersault over Cavendish’s bike as it lay on the ground but later told the Guardian he had no injuries.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mark Cavendish awaits assistance by medics after the crash on the finish to stage four. Photograph: Robert Ghement/EPA

“I get on with Peter well; if he came across that’s one thing but I’m not a fan of him putting his elbow in me like that,” Cavendish said. “A crash is a crash but I would just like to know about the elbow. I have a good relationship with Peter but I would like to speak to him about it.”

The world champion apologised to Cavendish afterwards but offered no real explanation. “I didn’t know Mark was behind me, he was coming from the right side and I wanted to take the wheel of Kristoff, I think. I wanted to go on his wheel but Mark was coming pretty fast from the back. I didn’t have time to react to go left, he just came to me and then to the barriers.”

Sagan added: “When I was told after the finish that Mark had crashed, I went straight away to find out how he was doing. We are friends and colleagues in the peloton and crashes like that are never nice. I hope Mark recovers soon.”

Philippe Marien, the head UCI commissaire [race official], said: “Before the Tour de France we warned the sprinters that we would look very closely at every sprint, that is what we did today. It was not an easy decision, but this is the beginning of the Tour and now is the moment to set our boundaries. And that is what we did today. It was not about Sagan, but about the act the rider made. What happens here, it looks like it was on purpose and it almost looks like hitting a person. It’s not about Cavendish and Sagan, it could be anybody, the names won’t matter.”

Better known as a sedate spa town and a still mineral water, Vittel does things when the Tour comes to visit. In 1968 this was the start town for a Tour de Santé, supposedly to relaunch the sport in the wake of Tom Simpson’s death, but which ended in two positive drug tests over the three weeks.

On Tuesday, what should have been a decorous celebration of 10 years in which Vittel has been the ‘eaufficiel’ du Tour, ended in Sagan’s disqualification.

This was a massive event, partly because of Sagan’s profile as the most popular rider in cycling, but also because this was the first time a world champion had been thrown off the race since Laurent Brochard was given his marching orders during the Festina drug scandal of 1998. And it is rare indeed for the race’s referees to decide that any of the plethora of dodgy manoeuvres and dirty tricks that happen in sprints is sufficiently life-threatening to merit expulsion.

The last time such a thing happened was in 2010 when the mild-mannered Australian Mark Renshaw decided to use his head as well as his legs at Bourg les Valence, not once, but several times, while in 1997 the otherwise utterly genteel Belgian Tom Steels was sent home for bunging a bidon at a fellow fast man.

The problem boils down to this: sprinters are usually as pleasant as they come, but the scent of the line causes a red mist to descend. This is part of their makeup, but just occasionally there is an attempt to draw a line. Unfortunately the fast men will be butting up against that line – if that is not an unfortunate choice of words – soon, probably as early as Thursday.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Arnaud Demare celebrates as he crosses the finish line to win stage four of Le Tour de France. Photograph: Chris Graythen/Getty Images

Sagan’s expulsion left the race for the green jersey wide open, and the favourite now will be the Frenchman Demare, who emerged from the chaos here to give France its first bunch sprint stage winner since Jimmy Casper. Demare is the national champion and rides for the national favourite Francaise des Jeux, whose patriotic manager Marc Madiot refuses to sully the tricolour by letting it be daubed with his sponsors’ logos.

France will delight in Demare’s win, which reflected well on his turn of speed and it will follow his quest for the green jersey with bated breath in the next 17 days. If there was a slight false note, it came when he was accused of misbehaviour by fourth-placed Nacer Bouhanni, who alleged he had cut him up in the finale. Then again, nor is Bouhanni a stranger to the referees’ communiques. Where sprinting is concerned, earning the right to throw the first metaphorical stone is a big ask.

On Wednesday, the race gets serious with the finish at La Planche des Belles Filles ski resort in the Vosges mountains north of Belfort. The Tour has finished here twice, in 2012 and 2014, and on each occasion the race leader at the summit – in 2012 Bradley Wiggins, in 2014 Vincenzo Nibali – has worn yellow all the way to Paris, and perhaps more importantly that the finishing order at the summit strongly reflects the eventual standings at the end of the Tour.

In both years, seven of the first 10 finishers on top of the 20% wall that concludes the six-kilometre climb also finished in the first 10 in Paris. The chances are that either Geraint Thomas or his leader Chris Froome will retain the lead for Team Sky, although the Welshman hinted that Team Sky may give free rein to a long-distance escape. In Vittel, Thomas fell in a 15-man pile-up in the final kilometre, while Froome was held up, but did not fall.

That would happen if there are no riders up front who are a threat to Froome in the overall standings, as relinquishing the lead to another team will relieve them of the need to expend energy in defence of the maillot jaune. “I don’t think we will waste a lot of energy to bring back a big break if there is no one dangerous in it, and if it goes to someone who is not a threat overall, it’s not a big deal. If we are all together on the climb Froome is our main goal, so I will do what I can to help him. If he gets the jersey, great, if I keep it, that’s even better.”


~_~


Cristiano Ronaldo could be back at Old Trafford next season, claims the Sunday Times, after the Portuguese striker decided to sever all ties with Spain.

The 32-year-old Ronaldo is said to be livid with his treatment in the wake of last week's accusation from Madrid’s regional state prosecutor that he committed "tax fraud of €14,768,897 (£12.9m)". The Real Madrid ace denies all the charges and the paper says that the Portugal international has been "angered and saddened by the claim and the reporting of it in Spain".

Believing he is the target of a vendetta, Ronaldo has informed Real Madrid of his decision to leave and has ordered his representatives "to find him a new club". So might that be United?

According to the Sunday Times, the Red Devils would love to welcome him back eight years after they sold him to Real Madrid for a then world record transfer fee of £80m. The paper says that United are "exploring the viability of buying the 32-year-old back", but they will face stiff competition from Paris Saint-Germain while several Chinese clubs are "ready to substantially improve the terms of his €21m (£18.4m) per annum net salary".

Ronaldo retains a soft spot for United and according to The Sun he has told his agent, Jorge Mendes, "to do everything possible" to facilitate a return to Old Trafford. The paper confirms that PSG are also interested (as well as Bayern Munich) and says that the French club are "prepared to offer £122m to land him plus a staggering salary of £26m per year".

Metro throws a fresh angle on the story with its claim that Ronaldo in fact told Alex Ferguson of his intention to leave Real before the tax fraud accusations. The pair keep in contact and Metro says that Ronaldo has become disenchanted with life in Madrid because of the "negative reaction" he receives from a section of the club's supporters. As for what Real would expect to receive in return for selling Ronaldo, Metro says "a €150m (£131m) bid could be enough".

But The Sun thinks that even more money could be about to change hands and claims that United are poised to offer Real Madrid "a deal of unbelievable proportions" and one which involves offering the European champions "£183m and David de Gea for Cristiano Ronaldo and Alvaro Morata".

The United goalkeeper has long been linked with a return to his homeland, and the Sun says Old Trafford chiefs are ready to make that happen provided they receive Ronaldo and striker Morato in return.


~_~


PM ‘found £1bn to keep her own job’ so why can’t find similar amount to keep nurses and teachers in their jobs, Labour leader asks

Jeremy Corbyn accused Theresa May of presiding over “a low-pay epidemic” in the UK as he used a noisy and boisterous prime minister’s questions to challenge her repeatedly over the continued cap on public sector pay.

Following a week in which several ministers have called for the cap to be eased, May vigorously defended continued austerity, saying it was more unfair still to “load debt on our children and grandchildren”.

The Labour leader used all his questions to pressure May over issues of pay. He began by noting the prime minister’s acknowledgement of the 69th anniversary of the NHS, adding: “I was hoping she was going to say a bit more about NHS staff and their pay during her birthday greetings.

“After a week of flip-flopping and floundering, we thought we’d got some clarity from Downing Street at last.”

May outlined the process by which a series of pay review bodies recommend rises for NHS staff, teachers and others, and said the government would “consider those reports very carefully”.

But she added: “We will always recognise the need to makes those decisions against the need to live within our means.” Both she and Corbyn valued the contribution of public sector workers, May said but added: “The difference is, I know we have to pay for them.”

May also claimed the UK could go the way of Greece if it does not keep controls on public spending in a defence of austerity that echoed the messages of David Cameron and George Osborne in the 2015 election.



Several other ministers and aides went on to echo that comparison with Greece in a sign there is a concerted effort by the Conservatives to stress their desire for “sound money” and attack Labour on the issue of economic competence.

“There are siren calls from Labour to abandon any kind of fiscal restraint whatsoever, and we’ve seen what happens,” a Conservative spokesman said after PMQs. “What happens, we’ve seen as a case study, is what happens in Greece, and as [the prime minister] pointed out, that saw a 36% reduction in health spending in Greece, and that is no good for nurses and doctors. I think she was suggesting if Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour party got the chance to impose its fiscal policies on the United Kingdom that is a very real threat.”

A spokesman for Corbyn described the claims on Greece as “preposterous”.

“The situation in Greece is tied up with the eurozone and the management of the eurozone banks – we’re not remotely in that situation. Our manifesto and our pledges were costed, unlike the government’s,” he said.



Later, Liz Truss, the chief secretary to the Treasury, said the cap on public sector pay was the “responsible thing to do” in response to an urgent question from Labour.



“The process is very simple, we’ve received recommendations from pay review bodies already this year,” she said. “They make decisions based on the individual circumstances within those sectors, we have followed all of their recommendations, we will look at the further recommendations we need to make decisions on and we will look at that balance between affordability and making sure that we retain and recruit high quality public sector workers.



“But this is the right approach, it’s not saying that we’re going to open up the cheque book, bankrupt our public services and see people lose their jobs.”

But during PMQs, Corbyn argued the continued 1% pay limit was causing “real shortages in nursing and teaching” as well as hardship, and accused ministers of “recklessly exploiting the goodwill of public servants”.

Responding to May’s insistence that the government provided “good management of the economy”, Corbyn said: “The prime minister simply doesn’t get it. There is a low-pay epidemic in this country and it has a terrible effect on young people. Those in their 20s will earn £12,500 a year less than the generation that went before them – the first generation to be worse off than the last.

“They’re less likely to be able to buy their own homes, more likely to be saddled with debt, more likely to be in insecure, low-paid work. Except for more misery, what does the prime minister and her government actually offer for the young people of this country?”

Saying the UK was among the only nations where wages had not recovered since the economic crash, Corbyn said more people were using food banks and 4 million children were growing up in poverty.

He said: “The low-pay epidemic is a threat to our economic stability. So can she take some tough choices and instead of offering platitudes, offer some real help, and real support for those in work, young people who deserve better and deserve to be given more optimism rather than greater inequality?”

May responded vigorously, bringing cheers and cries of “more” from some backbenchers.

She said: “It isn’t fair to refuse to take tough decisions and to load debt on our children and grandchildren. It isn’t fair to bankrupt our economy, because that leads to people losing their jobs, and losing their homes.



“And it isn’t fair to go out and tell people that they can have all the public spending they want without paying for it.”

May was also attacked by Corbyn over the cost of her deal to win support from the Democratic Unionists. He said: “The prime minister found £1bn to keep her own job. Why can’t she find the same amount of money to keep nurses and teachers in their job, who after all serve all of us?”

In response, May taunted the Labour leader for calling his frontbench a “government in waiting”. She said: “We all know what that means: waiting to put up taxes, waiting to destroy jobs, waiting to bankrupt out country. We will never let it happen.”


~_~


British workers feel "frustrated and squeezed" by their pay, which has flatlined for more than a decade, the Bank of England's chief economist Andy Haldane told BBC Newsnight.

But despite broad stagnation in wage growth, it is still possible to maximise your chances of getting a pay rise. Here's what the experts recommend:

Simply ask

According to the Financial Times, "the first rule of negotiating a pay rise is to ask for it."

However, don't do it via email or text message, says Green & Black's boss Josephine Fairley in the Daily Telegraph.

"Preferably, pay rises need to be asked for face-to-face. As a boss, it's never great when someone emails and says, 'I work hard and I'm broke. I need more money,' which has happened to me in the past. These things need to be done in the context of a proper review."

Know your worth

Do a bit of research to find out what people in the same position as you are being paid elsewhere, says The Guardian: "Check job sites on the internet and newspaper ads for comparable rates of pay for your position. Trade magazines frequently carry out salary surveys."

Aim high

As with any negotiation, you should always ask for more than you expect to be given, says jobs website Monster.co.uk. But don't go in with an outrageously inflated figure at first offering.

You should also give your boss a set period within which to respond, the site suggests. "Buried in that is the implication that you have other options, and the company may risk losing you if they don't at least meet you halfway."

Talk to your boss after lunch

According to careers coach Simon North, co-founder and director of careers consultancy Position Ignition, talking to your boss after he or she has eaten is key. "After lunch – having eaten and with their blood sugars higher, it is a better time to broach tough subjects," he told ShortList.

Consider taking other benefits

If you work for a business that is experiencing financial difficulties, cash may not be an option, so consider asking for non-financial benefits such as flexible working or longer holidays, the FT says.


~_~


Roger Federer will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after he was denied a chance to savour match-point glory in his first-round match.

Seven-times champion Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic in round two, and will be hoping to put on an entertaining show from start to finish after Tuesday's fans were left feeling rather short-changed.

Federer's opponent, Alexandr Dolgopolov, pulled out when trailing 3-6 0-3, to hand Federer an easy route into the second round.

Here’s everything you need to know as Federer attempts to make it into the third round for the fourth successive year.

Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships







50 show all Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships

































































































1/50 Andy Murray walks of court with the trophy past the ball boys and girls on Centre court after beating Milos Raonic in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

2/50 Serena Williams falls to the ground after winning match point on Centre Court in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

3/50 Novak Djokovic with the trophy with Roger Federer on Centre Court, in 2015. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

4/50 Serena Williams balances the Venus Rosewater Dish on her head with no hands as she walks off Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

5/50 Novak Djokovic shows off the trophy on Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

6/50 Petra Kvitova holds her winners Plate on Centre Court in 2014. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

7/50 Andy Murray celebrates with the crowd after winning match point in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

8/50 Marion Bartoli climbs up into the stand to family and coaches after beating Sabine Lisicki in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

9/50 Andy Murray congratulates Roger Federer in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

10/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Plate in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

11/50 Novak Djokovic defeats Rafael Nadal in the final of the mens singles on day thirteen at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

12/50 Petra Kvitova with her trophy after defeating Maria Sharapova in their final match of the womens singles on day twelve at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

13/50 Rafael Nadal beat Tomas Berdych in the 2010 final. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

14/50 Serena Williams after beating Vera Zvonareva. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

15/50 Roger Federer kisses the trophy after beating Andy Roddick in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

16/50 Serena Williams shows off the dish to photographers in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

17/50 Venus Williams (USA) walks past the Photographers on Centre Court in 2007. COLORSPORT

18/50 Rafael Nadal of Spain drops onto the grass to celebrate winning the title. Colorsport / Imago

19/50 Roger Federer with the mens trophy after winning the title for the 5th time in a row. COLORSPORT

20/50 Venus holds aloft the Ladies Shield after beating Marion Bartoli in 2007. COLORSPORT

21/50 Roger Federer with the Trophy, glances over at Rafael Nadal. COLORSPORT

22/50 Amelie Mauresmo celebrates match point. She beat Henin Hardenne in the 2006 final. COLORSPORT

23/50 Roger Federer drops to the ground after winning match point in 2005. COLORSPORT

24/50 Federer plays a shot in 2005. COLORSPORT

25/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Shield and sister Venus Willams, in 2005. Colorsport

26/50 Maria Sharapova stunned Serena Williams in the 2004 final.

27/50 Venus Williams hugs the winners plate in 2005. COLORSPORT

28/50 Roger Federer holds aloft the Mens Singles Trophy after his straight sets victory over Mark Philippoussis in 2003. COLORSPORT

29/50 Serena and Venus Williams smilling after the 2003 Womens Final, won by Serena. COLORSPORT

30/50 Lleyton Hewitt celebrates victory in 2002. Colorsport

31/50 Goran Ivanisevic celebrates beating Tim Henman in the mens semi-final in 2001. Colorsport

32/50 Venus Williams with the Ladies trophy after defeating Justine Henin in 2001. Colorsport

33/50 Venus Williams celebrates with the Ladies winners plate after defeating Lindsey Davenport in 2001. Colorsport

34/50 Pete Sampras with The Mens singles trophy in 2000. COLORSPORT

35/50 Pete Sampras kisses the Mens Wimbledon Trophy after beating Andre Agassi in 1999. COLORSPORT

36/50 Ladies winner Lindsay Davenport with the trophy and and runner-up Steffi Graf. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

37/50 Pete Sampras celebrates. COLORSPORT

38/50 Jana Novotna celebrates victory in 1998. COLORSPORT

39/50 In 1997 Pete Sampras got the better of Cedric Pioline. COLORSPORT

40/50 Martina Hingis holds aloft the Ladies Plate. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

41/50 Richard Krajicek drops to the ground after winning the final on Centre Court. He beat Mal Washington. COLORSPORT

42/50 Steffi Graf shows Sanchez Vicario the Shield after the presentation on Centre Court. Colorsport

43/50 Pete Sampras shortly after beating Boris Becker in 1995. COLORSPORT

44/50 Steffi Graf celebrates after winning match point in 1995. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

45/50 Pete Sampras reacts after beating Goran Ivanišević 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–5), 6–0 in the 1994 final. COLORSPORT

46/50 Conchita Martinez is the only Spanish player to have won the women's singles title at Wimbledon, where she beat Martina Navratilova to win the 1994 title. Colorsport

47/50 Steffi Graff of Germany glances over to Jana Novotna as she breaks down in tears at the presentation after losing the match. Colorsport

48/50 Sampras beat Jim Courier 7–6(7–3), 7–6(8–6), 3–6, 6–3 in the 1993 final.

49/50 Andre Agassi receives the trophy from the Duchess of Kent in 1992.

50/50 Stefi Graf shows off the ladies Plate to the crowd. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

What time is it?

Federer is last up on Centre Court, after Kyle Edmund’s match against Gael Monfils, and Karolina Pliskova’s against Magdalena Rybarikova.

Expect to see Fed out on court around 5pm.

Where can I watch it?

The match will be live on BBC One.

Who is Dusan Lajovic?

Lajovic has never before played Federer (Getty)



A 27-year-old Slovenia, who excels on clay. He has reached two ATP finals – losing at the Vegeta Croatia Open in 2014 and winning the Istanbul Open a year later – and reached the fourth round of the French Open in 2014.

However, he’s only made it past the first round of Wimbledon once before, in 2014, when he lost to Poland’s Łukasz Kubot in four sets in the second.

What’s the head to head record?

The pair have never player against one another before.

What has Federer been saying?

Roger Federer serves in his Wimbledon first-round victory ( Getty )

“The thing what's nice about when you're not playing tournaments is that you're in charge of your daily routines. If you're carrying an injury, well, you don't have to practice. If you don't feel so well, you're sick, whatever, you don't have to play through it. That's nice about it.

“But, of course, at the end I'm a tennis player, I'm a match player, that's why I want to be. Sometimes you have to reset to come back there.

“I just think for me to have this sort of really, like, big distance to actually playing matches and understanding that I won't be around for a long time, really put me in a place where I could really relax and do other things, not think about tennis day-to-day.”

What are the odds?

Roger Federer to win: 1/100

​Dusan Lajovic to win: 42/1


~_~


You opened it as a child, or maybe a fresh-faced adult looking for somewhere to put your first pay cheque. Your parents probably have one with the same bank.

The chances are you’ve never moved your current account in your entire adult life, regardless of how impressed or otherwise you are with the service, fees or rates on offer by your bank or building society.

In fact, the situation had become so static and uncompetitive for consumers that a huge initiative making switching your current account quickly and easily was launched in a bid to combat fears that changing current account provider would mean lost direct debits, complex arrangements and a long drawn out process altogether.

And yet, 99 per cent of current accounts were switched in 7 days or less last year.

So with news of current account closures hitting the headlines, some juicy cashback incentives, not to mention ranks of complacent banks and building societies, how can you go about securing the best current account for your everyday money needs? As with so much in life, it really depends on what you’re looking for.

Current accounts defined

But what are we actually talking about here? A current account is the most straightforward financial product available to British consumers. It’s held with a bank or building society and allows the account holder to access their money with the minimum fuss.

Facilities include the ability to withdraw money (with no notice using a bank card that combines cash, debit and cheque guarantee services), deposit money simply and easily in cash, cheque or electronic form, such as salary, pension income or benefits and set up consistent ways to pay bills and costs via direct debits and standing orders.

Not having one can dramatically restrict your ability to access and use your money, even earn it in some cases. The effects can be felt across every aspect of life so there have been significant initiatives over the years to ensure that even those with the lowest or non-existent credit score are eligible for a basic bank account.

Comparing current account deals

They may have long been a necessity in modern UK life, but in 2017, having the best current account can be the difference between punitive charges and some lucrative gains, particularly when it comes to rewards for switching.

Switch to an online bank account from First Direct and you’ll benefit from £125 of cash for your new account, for example.

But Smile’s current deal is hard to beat. Transfer to the cheerful bank's Current Account and you'll receive a market-leading £150 when you switch.

Of course, if you’re only comfortable with the ups and downs of modern life when you’ve got a decent financial cushion to hand then £100 or so just won’t cut it. In which case, you’ll need a high interest current account. Enter the Nationwide Flex Direct, by far the best deal on offer right now with a 5% introductory rate for the first 12 months - followed by a follow-on rate of 1% - for balances of up to £2,500.

If, for some inexplicable reason you don't want to go with the UK's biggest building society, perhaps preferring a consistent interest rate, it may be worth plumping for Santander’s 123 account, offering 1.5 per cent interest on balances of up to £20,000, monthly cashback on household bills and an interest free overdraft for the first four months.

Elsewhere, if you’re at the other end of the spectrum and describe yourself more as a spender than saver, you’ll gain the most from a cashback offer. In which case, NatWest’s current account deal is likely to be your best fit, offering 3 per cent cashback on your household bills.

And if you're a consistent shopper with high street brands like M&S can remain in the black, a rewards account could see you quids in. The M&S Current Account offers £185 rewards to spend in the store and access to 5% interest, with some conditions.

There are also rewards if your spending has got a little out of hand and you’re heading for overdraft territory. First Direct is likely to be a good port of call in this particular storm.

(Which? recently revealed that banks charge us more for overdrafts than those infamous payday lenders do for their eye-wateringly expensive borrowing)

Its deal offers a £125 switching reward if you go through MoneySupermarket.com and 0 per cent interest on your first £250 of overdraft.

So don’t be a slave to your bank account, now is the perfect time to make sure this foundation for your entire financial life fits that life.

Looking for credit card or current account deals? Search here


~_~


You’ve got the cocktail shaker. You dutifully made a stash of ice. And although you remembered the lemon and lime wedges, somehow the good intentions to blend a passion fruit and muddle some mint went awry.

Infusing your own spirits and making cocktails with fresh ingredients is lovely. But let’s face it, sometimes you just want a shortcut. Packed with flavour and easy to mix, flavoured vodkas can offer a tasty, straightforward option. Add to that a recent trend for increasingly premium flavours, and there are now a wide number of simple drinks to be made at home.

So, what makes a good flavoured vodka? Firstly, with vodka being a particularly good flavour carrier, we’re looking for it to actually taste of its namesake ingredient. Intense, well-rounded, bold – we’re looking for flavours with impact, and that don’t taste overly artificial. And let’s not forget the underlying vodka itself. We’re looking for quality and some discernible character showing through.

So, from coffee to ginger, here’s our round-up of the best.

1. Chase Espresso Vodka, 40%: £40 for 700ml, John Lewis

If you’ve ever had Patrón XO Café you’ll know what a heavenly combination booze and coffee can be. And this limited edition from Herefordshire distiller Chase is just as heavenly, perhaps more so in many ways. Light in colour and not overly sweet, it delivers that intense burst of coffee but without being excessively bitter. Made from Ethiopian coffee and a base of Chase’s English Potato Vodka, it’s slowly distilled through a copper gin still, then cold brewed, chill filtered and blended with more coffee. We’re just going to get the clichés out of our system because this vodka warrants them; smooth as silk, soft as velvet, etc etc. Sip on its own and let the flavours of muscovado sugar and bitter coffee slowly unfold. You may want to set aside an evening to slowly savour this one.

Buy now

2. Zubrowka Bison Grass Flavoured Vodka, 40%: £17 for 700ml, Waitrose

Throw this in the freezer, buy some cloudy apple juice and mix for a drinks nirvana. This is what it’s all about, especially on a hot summer’s day. This Polish vodka is 100 per cent grain, and having been distilled seven times is exceptionally smooth. Not the most overtly flavoured, each bottle contains a blade of bison grass, giving the liquid a subtle green tinge. Taste-wise, there’s a lot of almond up-front, with a big, rich, oily mouthfeel and a big burst of fruit (similar to grapefruit) followed by beautiful marzipan notes. Honestly, try the apple juice mix. Perfection.

Buy now

3. Cîroc Pineapple, 37.5%: £38.50 for 700ml, Tesco

Who needs rum? Make ours a vodka Piña Colada! This gorgeous offering from the French vodka house is made, quite fittingly, with grapes. But it’s bursting with the juiciness of ripe pineapples, followed by just a hint of coconut. A flavour match made in heaven, it’s ideal for all your summer drinks. However, if you want that coconut dialled-up a touch, go for the new limited-edition flavour, Cîroc Summer Colada.

Buy now

4. Absolut Raspberri, 40%: £16 for 700ml, Asda

Big and fruity, this gorgeously rich raspberry vodka smells like jam. But, whereas some fruit-flavoured vodkas can be overly sweet and a little synthetic tasting, this one is made from ripened raspberries harvested in the Swedish hillsides, and contains no added sugar. Mix with a cranberry juice for a refreshing summer drink. Or if you want to bust out that cocktail shaker to impress any guests, add lemon juice, simple syrup and soda water and garnish with raspberries for an Absolut Raspberri Collins.

Buy now

5. Whitley Neill Blood Orange Vodka, 43%: £25.85 for 700ml, The Whisky Exchange

This Sicilian-inspired vodka from the much-lauded gin maker is pretty new having launched just under a year ago. Though the bottle is orange, the liquid pours clear. There’s tangerine, and a slightly sherbet nose, and to sip, it’s zesty and slightly lemony. But overall, there’s a satisfying orange intensity. Though perfect in summer cocktails due to its underlying hint of spice, we’re going to stash this one away for some warming winter cocktails when the weather turns. Meanwhile, just throw in a quality tonic for a burst of Sicilian summer.

Buy now

6. Curio Cocoa Nib Vodka, 40%: £30.45 for 700ml, The Whisky Exchange

The beautifully packaged vodkas from Cornish distiller Curio endear themselves before you’ve even tasted them, with their sweet squat bottles and pared-back design. But as you know, we’re not ones to judge books by their covers. And though we have to acknowledge the brand’s very aromatic and floral Cardamom Vodka, it’s the Cocoa Nib Vodka that has us salivating. With a slightly milky chocolate nose, there’s no heat or spice from the triple-distilled vodka spirit, which has been infused with Peruvian Cocoa Nibs. It’s kind of like a boozy version of the chocolate milk you have left after your Coco Pops, but with a hint of lemon cutting through it. It’s nostalgia and refinement all in one. Good enough to sip neat, though we can imagine this in an Espresso Martini. Mocha Martini anyone?

Buy now

7. Nelson’s Gold Caramelised Vodka, 26.5%: £29.13 for 500ml, Master of Malt

This is decadence bottled. The good folk at Norfolk premium vodka brand, Wild Knight, must have been feeling naughty when they put this delightful concoction together. Technically a liqueur (due to its abv and the addition of sugar) we had to include it in our list due to its stand-out deliciousness. Made in small batches using Norfolk-grown barley, this rich delight still retains the sippable smoothness of the original vodka, but the addition of caramelised Norfolk sugar beet makes this akin to drinking pure caramel. You can mix with apple juice, but to be honest, this is one that’s best enjoyed chilled and sipped.

Buy now

8. Hophead Hop Vodka, 45%: £35.95 for 750ml, The Whisky Exchange

From the same company behind US craft beer legends, Anchor Brewing, comes this hopped vodka. In fact, it’s the Anchor Distilling company based in San Francisco, California that is responsible for this inspired tipple. Pot-distilled and unfiltered, this is very robust in flavour. While the vodka itself is very smooth, peppery and oily, the hops add earthiness and some mineral-like, menthol notes. Certainly an acquired taste, but we love it.

Buy now

9. Virtuous Vodka Organic Ginger, 38%: £27.95 for 700ml, The Whisky Exchange

Organic. Check. Preservative free. Check. No added sugars, flavours or aromas. Check. This Swedish rye-based vodka ticks all the boxes when it comes to its all-natural credentials. In fact, Virtuous Vodka claims to be a “grown-up” and “crafted” take on flavoured vodkas. There are two things of note when it comes to the taste though. Firstly, because it’s unfiltered, the liquid is cloudy and may contain a natural sediment. And – as with the other flavours in the range – the ginger taste is very true to life. We’ve chosen Ginger over the Raspberry and Bitter Lemon flavours, as while there’s a wealth of ginger drinks available, few manage to capture the authentic taste of ginger root. Tangy, with a little heat, it’s in a word, delicious.

Buy now

The Verdict: Flavoured vodkas

Winning brownie points for its richness, stand-out full coffee flavour and easy mixability, we simply love this latest release from Chase. Though there are some considerably lower-priced vodkas on our list, we truly think Espresso Vodka is worth every penny.

Follow IndyBest on Twitter and Pinterest

IndyBest product reviews are unbiased, independent advice you can trust. On some occasions, we earn revenue if you click the links and buy the products, but we never allow this to bias our coverage. The reviews are compiled through a mix of expert opinion and real-world testing


~_~


Bedene has played at Wimbledon five times, but only three times as a Briton Stefan Wermuth/Reuters

Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with victory over four sets against Damir Dzumhur of Bosnia and credited having home crowd support as the decisive factor in his 6-3, 3-6, 6-3, 6-3 win.

“I couldn’t have won without them,” the world No 58 said.

This is Bedene’s fifth appearance at Wimbledon but his third as a British citizen and so the spectators are still getting to know him, to understand his style of play, his character out on court. And they are still, probably, none the wiser because this was a baffling contest, one that Bedene could and should have won speedily and convincingly but during which, instead, he wavered.

Bedene’s second serve was weak all afternoon Adam Davy/PA

Rarely will you see as reliable a first serve…


~_~


Why go now?

Amid the buzz surrounding British artist Bruce Munro’s epic light installation at Uluru, which was recently extended until next March, Australia’s original outback town has fallen off the tourist radar. But skipping Alice Springs on a Red Centre holiday would be a mistake.

Befitting its status as the artistic capital of central Australia, “The Alice” boasts more art galleries (per capita) than anywhere else in the country, and is perennially in festival mode. The big one for July is the annual Camel Cup (camelcup.com.au) on the 15th, followed by the Desert Festival (desfest.com), Central Australia’s premier arts bash, from 18 August until 7 September. Yet between its fascinating heritage sites, unique attractions and many outdoor activities, there’s plenty to do in The Alice at any time of the year.

Get your bearings

Roughly marking Australia’s geographic centre, Alice Springs might be the Northern Territory’s third largest town, but residents number less than 30,000. Hugging the left bank of the Todd River (which is bone dry for most of the year), the sleepy centre is laid out in a grid and is easy to navigate on foot. Sights outside the core, including historic Telegraph Station (1), the Araluen Arts Centre (2), and Alice Springs Desert Park (3), are an easy cycle – bikes can be borrowed from most hotels.

Day one

Take a view

Topped by a memorial dedicated to those who have served in defence of their country, Anzac Hill (4) is the perfect spot to survey The Alice. Take the stairs from Wills Terrace or drive up Anzac Hill Rd for panoramic views of the town and the spectacular MacDonnell Ranges that frame it. Sacred to the local Arrernte people, the “Macs” form part of the caterpillar jukurrpa (creation story). Indeed, it’s not difficult to picture the undulating ranges as giant caterpillars marching across the scorched earth in ancient times.

Alice Springs is a popular gateway for exploring the Red Centre ( iStockphoto )

Take a hike

Start at the Visitor Information Centre off Todd Mall (5) (00 61 8 8952 5800; discovercentralaustralia.com), the town’s main artery. The centre is open 8.30am-5pm Monday to Friday, and from 9.30am-4pm on weekends. Heading northwest along Parsons Street, you’ll pass heritage buildings including the Old Stuart Town Gaol (6) built in 1908 and The Residency (7) (00 61 8 8951 1122; araluenartscentre.nt.gov.au/residency), where Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh lodged for two nights in 1963 as part of their Royal Visit to Australia. Built in 1928, the former home of the government resident during Alice Springs’ brief tenure as the capital of Central Australia can be visited from 10am-3pm weekdays.

Continue along Parsons Street until you reach the junction of Railway Terrace. Making a left, you can’t miss the enormous mural (8) depicting Territory life and history that covers the entire side of the Coles supermarket building. Painted by community volunteers in 1981, it’s the town’s most famous piece of public art.

From here it’s a 10-minute walk to the Royal Flying Doctor Service (9) (00 61 8 8952 1129; flyingdoctor.org.au), which now houses a state-of-the-art tourist facility. Running every half hour from 9am-4pm Monday to Saturday, tours (£9) include a short introduction by staff, a holographic show, and access to a small museum. Around the corner on Stuart Terrace, the former women’s prison now houses the delightfully oddball Pioneer Women’s Hall of Fame (10) (00 61 8 8952 9006; pioneerwomen.com.au). It’s open daily from 9am-5pm; entry is £6.

John Flynn, the founder of Australia’s Royal Flying Doctor Service, has a memorial in Alice Springs ( Getty )

Lunch on the run

Pick up a fresh sandwich or traditional Aussie meat pie at The Bakery (11) (00 428 595 429; alicebakery.com.au) – it’s open 8am-1pm Saturday and Sunday and until 2pm Wednesday to Friday – or head to Piccolo’s (12) (00 61 8 8953 1936) for a decadent toastie or sit-down cafe meal such as a steak sandwich or homemade lasagne. It’s open 7am-2pm Saturday, 8am-noon Sunday, and 7am-3pm Tuesday to Friday.

Window shopping

Shopping in Alice Springs centres around Aboriginal art. Dedicated to providing high-quality contemporary art while ensuring artists who work with them (who you can often watch in the on-site studio) are treated well and paid fairly, Yubu Napa (13) (00 61 8 8952 2007; yubunapa.com) should be your first stop. It’s open 10am-4pm Saturday, and until 6pm weekdays. Papunya Tula Artists (14) (00 61 8 8952 4731; papunyatula.com.au) is also renowned for showcasing particularly exquisite works. It’s open 10am-2pm Saturday, and 9am-5pm Monday to Friday.

An aperitif

Packed to the rafters with outback memorabilia, Bojangles Saloon (15) (00 61 475 228 733), open 11.30am-2am daily, is a fun spot for a schooner of NT Draught. For a more classic Aussie pub vibe, head to the Todd Tavern (16) (00 61 8 8952 1255; toddtavern.com.au) at the north end of the mall; open noon-midnight daily. Note that Alice is a “dry” town, which means drinking is banned in public spaces.

Dine with the locals

Part gastro pub, part outback circus, Monte’s (17) (00 61 8 8952 4336; montes.net.au) is a quintessential Alice Springs dining experience – it’s open Wednesday to Sunday. The pub grub is decent, but those looking for more than pizzas and burgers (from £6) may prefer the mod-Oz offerings at Epilogue Lounge (18) (00 61 429 003 874), which also has a decent wine list. The best table in town, however, is at Hanuman (19) (00 61 8 8953 7188; hanuman.com.au), the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel’s Thai and Indian fusion restaurant. It’s all about sharing here; make one of your small plates the Punjabi lamb cutlets, served with a delicious yoghurt sauce (£12).

The annual Camel Cup is a big draw in Alice Springs (Peter Carrol /NT Tourism)

Day two

Take a ride

Who knew Alice Springs had over 200km of well-tended mountain biking trails? Beat the heat and sign up for an early-morning tour (£87/three hours) with Outback Cycling (00 61 8 8952 1541; outbackcycling.com) or rent a bike and explore yourself. It’s a lovely 4km-cycle north of town to Telegraph Station (1) (00 61 8 8952 3993; alicespringstelegraphstation.com.au), established in 1871 to relay messages between Darwin and Adelaide. There are four guided tours of this must-see historical reserve daily between 9am-5pm, all included in the £8 ticket price.

Out to brunch

Refuel with eggs any way and a perfectly brewed espresso coffee at Page 27 (20) (00 61 8 8952 0191), arguably the hippest cafe in Alice Springs. The central location – tucked just off Todd Mall – is a bonus, though you’ll need to get there early on weekends to snag a table. It’s open 8am-2pm Saturday and Sunday, and 7.30am-2.30pm Tuesday to Friday.

Cultural afternoon

The pinnacle of the Alice Springs arts circuit, the Araleun Arts Centre (2) (00 61 8 8951 1122; araluenartscentre.nt.gov.au) focuses on contemporary Aboriginal art, with a dedicated gallery showcasing the works of renowned watercolourist Albert Namatjira. There’s also a professional theatre; check the website for upcoming events. Your ticket (£9) includes entry to the adjoining Museum of Central Australia, the Central Aviation Museum, the Strehlow Research Centre, and a host of public works including the impressive Yeperenye Sculpture. It’s open 10am-4pm daily.

The town centre is laid out in a grid and is easy to navigate ( iStockphoto )

A walk in the park

If you didn’t spot any rock wallabies around Telegraph Station, head to the Alice Springs Desert Park (3) (00 61 8 8951 8788; alicespringsdesertpark.com.au) where you can see the creatures of Central Australia on display in a series of recreated habitats, 2.5km west of town (open 7.30am-6pm daily). If you prefer a walk closer to centre, take a spin around the Olive Pink Botanic Garden (21) (00 61 8 8952 2154; opbg.com.au), which showcases over 600 central Australian plants. It’s open 8am-6pm daily with entry by donation.

The icing on the cake

Stay on to take a day trip of the mesmerising gorges, waterholes and sacred sites of the West MacDonnell ranges (22). Hire a car or join an organised tour with the likes of Alice Wanderer (00 61 8 8952 2111; alicewanderer.com.au) or Emu Run (00 61 8 8953 7057; emurun.com.au) which take in key stops such as Ellery Creek Big Hole, Ormiston Gorge, Simpson’s Gap, the Ochre Pits, and more. For Aboriginal rock art, head to the lesser-visited East Macs.

Take a day trip to Ormiston Gorge ( iStockphoto )

Travel essentials

Getting there

Located 15km south of town, Alice Springs Airport (23) is serviced by Qantas (00 61 07 3815 8000; qantas.com) from eight domestic hubs, several of which connect to London. A shuttle operates for all scheduled incoming and outgoing flights (£9; about 20 minutes travel time). A taxi (00 61 8 8952 1877) to the centre costs roughly £11.

Staying there

It could do with an update, but the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Alice Springs (19) (00 61 8 8950 8000; doubletree3.hilton.com) is arguably still the nicest hotel in town. Doubles from £75, room only. It’s worth stumping an additional £11 for a mountain-view room.

If you’re driving, consider Squeaky Windmill (24) (00 0414 885 034; squeakywindmill.com). Nestled at the base of the West Macs, just 15km from town, this boutique B&B has two luxury tented rooms (one queen, one twin), with barbecue hampers available if you’d rather dine in for dinner. Both rooms cost £110, B&B.

You might remember Lasseters (25) (00 61 08 8950 7777; crowneplazaalicesprings.com.au) from 1994’s Priscilla: Queen of the Desert, in which the cast played a cabaret gig at the adjoining casino. Rebranded as Crowne Plaza Alice Springs Lasseters last December, the resort’s comfortable – if tired – rooms should give the DoubleTree’s a run for their money following an upgrade that is currently in progress. Doubles start at £58, room only.


~_~


London’s Royal Free hospital failed to comply with the Data Protection Act when it handed over personal data of 1.6 million patients to DeepMind, a Google subsidiary, according to the Information Commissioner’s Office.

The data transfer was part of the two organisation’s partnership to create the healthcare app Streams, an alert, diagnosis and detection system for acute kidney injury. The ICO’s ruling was largely based on the fact that the app continued to undergo testing after patient data was transferred. Patients, it said, were not adequately informed that their data would be used as part of the test.

“Our investigation found a number of shortcomings in the way patient records were shared for this trial,” said Elizabeth Denham, the information commissioner. “Patients would not have reasonably expected their information to have been used in this way, and the Trust could and should have been far more transparent with patients as to what was happening.

“We’ve asked the Trust to commit to making changes that will address those shortcomings, and their co-operation is welcome. The Data Protection Act is not a barrier to innovation, but it does need to be considered wherever people’s data is being used.”

The ICO ruled that testing the app with real patient data went beyond Royal Free’s authority, particularly given how broad the scope of the data transfer was. “A patient presenting at accident and emergency within the last five years to receive treatment or a person who engages with radiology services and who has had little or no prior engagement with the Trust would not reasonably expect their data to be accessible to a third party for the testing of a new mobile application, however positive the aims of that application may be,” the office said in its findings.

While privacy campaigners were hoping the ruling would touch on the continued use of patient data for the production version of Streams, the ICO was muted on the live use of Streams in a clinical environment, but warned that “concerns regarding the necessity and proportionality of the use of the sensitive data of 1.6 million patients remain”.

The Royal Free has been asked to commission a third-party audit of the trial following the ruling, complete a privacy assessment, set out how it will better comply with its duties in future trials and establish a proper legal basis for the DeepMind project.

In a statement, the hospital trust said: “We are pleased that the information commissioner … has allowed us to continue using the app which is helping us to get the fastest treatment to our most vulnerable patients – potentially saving lives.

“We accept the ICO’s findings and have already made good progress to address the areas where they have concerns. For example, we are now doing much more to keep our patients informed about how their data is used. We would like to reassure patients that their information has been in our control at all times and has never been used for anything other than delivering patient care or ensuring their safety.”

The ruling does not directly criticise DeepMind, a London-based AI company purchased by Google in 2013, since the ICO views the Royal Free as the “data controller” responsible for upholding the data protection act throughout its partnership with Streams, with DeepMind acting as a data processor on behalf of the trust.

In a blogpost, the company said: “We welcome the ICO’s thoughtful resolution of this case, which we hope will guarantee the ongoing safe and legal handling of patient data for Streams.

“Although today’s findings are about the Royal Free, we need to reflect on our own actions too. In our determination to achieve quick impact when this work started in 2015, we underestimated the complexity of the NHS and of the rules around patient data, as well as the potential fears about a well-known tech company working in health.

“We were almost exclusively focused on building tools that nurses and doctors wanted, and thought of our work as technology for clinicians rather than something that needed to be accountable to and shaped by patients, the public and the NHS as a whole. We got that wrong, and we need to do better.”

The company highlighted a number of changes it had made since the launch of Streams, including a significant increase in transparency, and the creation of a independent health review board.

Streams has since been rolled out to other British hospitals, and DeepMind has also branched out into other clinical trials, including a project aimed at using machine-learning techniques to improve diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy, and another aimed at using similar techniques to better prepare radiotherapists for treating head and neck cancers.


~_~


While some eyes are focussed on Andy Murray's progress at SW19 for the next few weeks, ​there's British sporting excellence ongoing elsewhere.

Geraint Thomas became the eighth Brit to lead the Tour de France when he won Saturday's opening stage, and he's joined some illustrious company...

Tom Simpson

Days in yellow: 1

One of Britain's greatest ever cyclists, Tommy Simpson spent just a single day in the Maillot Jaune in 1962, a daring attack up the Col du Tourmalet in the race's first mountain stage saw him become the first Britain to don the famous leader's jersey.

Simpson finished sixth that year, 17 minutes behind five-time winner Jacques Anquetil. He would only finish one more Tour de France in his career, registering a DNF in 1965, '66 and '67; the year in which he died while ascending Mont Ventoux on the 13th stage.

Chris Boardman

Days in yellow: 6

A superlative time-trialist, Boardman ended Britain's 32-year wait for a Tour leader in 1994 when he thrashed around a 7.2km prologue in Lille to put 15 seconds between him and second-placed Miguel Indurain.

He held that jersey a further two days before being unseated by classics specialist Johan Museeuw, but came back to snatch the yellow jersey in the 1997 and 1998 prologues.

Sean Yates

Days in yellow: 1

You wait 32 years for a British yellow jersey wearer, then two come along in a week.

A punishing 270.5km stage six in 1994 saw Yates jump into a breakaway early on, finishing sixth in the stage behind Gianluca Bortolami - but ended the day one second ahead thanks to a better prologue performance the previous Saturday.

David Miller

Days in yellow: 3

Another tour beginning with a time trial, another Briton in yellow. The 16.5km stage against the clock in Futuroscope was Miller's first experience in the famous race, and saw him beat a pre-doping scandal Lance Armstrong by two seconds.

It wasn't until a team time trial three days later that he was deposed, Laurent Jalabert taking advantage of the strength in depth of his ONCE-Deutsche Bank team to wear yellow for the next two days.

Bradley Wiggins

Days in yellow: 13

Track star turned time-trialist turned Grand Tour contender, Wiggins took the lead at the ski resort of La Planche des Belles Filles in stage seven of the 2012 event - a stage which was actually won by his teammate Chris Froome.

He and his Team Sky squad never relinquished that lead, their dominance such that they took a rare one-two with Froome in second place.

Chris Froome

Days in yellow: 44

In the absence of Wiggins in 2013, Froome stepped up as Team Sky's leader in style. A dominant team display saw him wear the maillot jaune from the eighth stage through to Paris - a feat he repeated in 2016.

2015, though, was possibly Froome's crowning moment. Bouncing back from the disappointment of an injury-enforced exit the year before, the Nairobi-born Brit spent all but five days of the race in yellow across two different spells. Don't bet against a fourth success in 2017.

Mark Cavendish

Days in yellow: 1

The absence of an opening time trial in the 2016 edition of the Tour gave the sprinters a chance to snatch the lead early, and Cavendish grabbed that opportunity with both hands to beat out Marcel Kittel and Peter Sagan - his first of four stage wins last year.

Geraint Thomas

Days in yellow: Ongoing

A masterful performance in the driving rain in Düsseldorf on Saturday saw the Welshman become the eighth Brit to wear one of sport's most recognisable strips. Don't expect him to hold it through to Paris though - he'll be riding in support of his team leader Froome.


~_~


There’s a reason social care is a hot topic for politicians campaigning in the run up to 8 June. More of us than ever will come to need it. But covering the cost of long-term care is a very expensive business indeed. State-funding rules change all the time so few of us have any idea how we’ll pay for it.

Just one in 10 of the over-45s have set aside anything to help pay for potential car costs and it’s no surprise that 40 per cent of us don’t think we’ll need to, according to research by financial planner Tilney. In fact, around 80 per cent of us will need some sort of care by the time we hit our eighties.

While wannabe MPs battle it out with soundbites, threats and empty promises, on the ground it’s time to take control of your future and that of your loved ones. If you or your elderly parents or relatives need residential care in later life, ensuring that you have the right financial plan in place can be a minefield. Decisions often need to be made in a very short time, and at a time of great emotional stress.

This pressure combined with the complexity of the system can result in benefits being missed and people being inappropriately funded, or worrying that their money will run out.

“It’s extremely complicated,” says Caroline Abrahams, charity director of Age UK. “Unless you’ve encountered the system before it is easy to feel befuddled.”

Funding for care is means-tested, most will end up paying something towards their care, but ensuring that your parent or relative is getting everything that they are entitled to in terms of tax reductions and extra benefits can make a difference to the whole family’s comfort levels at what can be a difficult time.

What do you need?

Long-term care is a very broad term, covering everything from temporary placements for those who need to recuperate from a fall or illness, to round-the-clock dementia care and end-of-life palliative care. Your family member may need different types of care at different times in his or her life, so it is important to build in flexibility to meet changing needs.

Depending on what type of care is needed, the financial picture can change. Some forms of benefit are only available to those with very severe medical needs, while different rules apply when care is likely to be temporary rather than permanent. There are also some forms of care available at home, which can be a less costly alternative to full residential care, depending on the needs of the individual, while warden-controlled or “sheltered” housing can also be an option.

A local authority care assessment is a good place to start, particularly if you are confused about your relative’s needs, and is essential if you are hoping that the council will fund any part of his or her care. The council has a statutory duty to provide this, and it should be carried out by a qualified health professional.

After it is done a care plan will provided with advice on what your love one needs, and what type of care is appropriate for them. Not all types of care home are suitable for all needs. If your relative needs nursing care’, for example, they will need a home that offers more support than an ordinary care home.

Get a financial assessment

Working out how to pay for care is complex. In many cases the council will bear some of the cost but most people will have to pay for a part of their care out of their own pocket.

Care costs can be very high. The average residential care bill is over £29,000 and the average stay is around two years, according to figures from Laing & Buisson.

For those requiring nursing care or other specific care, the bill is higher, while many people may wish to choose more expensive care homes for their relatives because they prefer the facilities or the ambience.

If you do this, you need to ensure your relative will have enough money to stay there for a potentially long time, or that your family is able to pay any proportion of the bill that is not being met by the local authority.

The average life expectancy for a man aged 65 is now 84 years, while a woman of the same age could expect to reach her 86th birthday, while many live longer, so bear this in mind when doing your calculations.

Local authorities will look at your relative’s assets and income when deciding how much they must pay towards their care. At present, if their capital and income is above £23,250 they will have to pay their own fees. Those with less than £14,250 worth of assets will have to pay nothing, and those assessed as having somewhere in the middle will pay some. If your relative is assessed as needing care in their own home, the value of the house will not be taken into account, but if they are in need of residential care this will be included if they live alone. If a partner lives there, though, or a relative over 60 or child under 18 then the value of the home will be disregarded when the assessment is made.

David Samson, from from financial hardship charity Turn2Us, says that a local authority will give one of three outcomes, “either, agree to meet the full cost of your care needs, agree to meet some of the cost, and you’ll need to top up the rest or it will leave you meet the full cost of your care”.

Many people who go into care do not want to sell their home, especially if it is far from clear how long they will need to be in care for. Local councils have to offer what is called a “deferred payment system” for those who do not want to sell their homes to pay for care. This means you can delay paying the costs of your care until a later date, and the costs can be paid after you die out of the estate. The local authority can charge interest on the scheme, currently at around 2 per cent, and are required by law to offer it. However these schemes are poorly utilised and seldom promoted. “There are some local authorities that haven’t lent out a single penny on this scheme,” says Steve Lowe, from retirement finance expert JRP.

The Tory manifesto suggests that these schemes will play a bigger part in the funding landscape in future. The party’s proposals suggest that although no-one will have to sell their home to pay for care, they will have to use a scheme akin to the deferred payment system or to current equity release schemes to pay for care. When those in residential care die, the care costs will be clawed back from their estates. However, under the Tories plan, once the value of the individual’s assets has fallen to £100,000 the government will pay the cost of care.

Choosing a home

Just because the local authority does the assessment, it doesn’t mean that you have to choose one of its homes for your relative. If you choose a more expensive care home for your relative, you may choose to pay top-up payments on top of the local authority’s funding or they, or you, can pay the whole amount. You can also choose to move your relative closer to you, if you are far away, and still receive the funding.

Take time to make the decision, and don’t be rushed, says Age UK’s Abrahams. “Even if you have the hospital breathing down your neck and saying that they want the bed, it is important to take this one step at a time.”

Entitlements

When your relative moves into a home, they may be entitled to more or fewer benefits, depending on their circumstances.

The most important thing to check is whether they are eligible for NHS Continuing Care. This is for people who have health needs, and the eligibility criteria are quite strict. There’s more information here about Continuing Care. Because it is not means-tested, and can fully fund care, it is worth checking whether your relative qualifies.

If a relative gets this funding, their other benefits will stop.

“Very few people get awarded this, but it is worth checking,” says Jeremy Davies, founder of care home-fees-planning group Symponia. Once your relative is awarded Continuing Care Funding, all other benefits will stop.

Self-funders can still claim other benefits though. These include Attendance Allowance, which Davies says often goes underclaimed, even though it is not means tested. Rates for this allowance change depending on how much care your relative needs. The lower rate is £55.65 a week and the higher rate is £82.10 a week.

You must normally have been ill for six months (unless you are terminally ill) before you can get Attendance Allowance, which is not means tested.

Pension Credit, which tops up income for older people, also often goes unclaimed. Pension credit comes in two parts, known as Guarantee Credit and Savings Credit, and your relative may be eligible for one or both. Savings Credit, is being phased out. Most people who reached State Pension age on or after 6 April 2016 won’t be eligible for Savings Credit, unless they are in a couple and the other member of the couple reached pension age before that date.

Guarantee Credit tops up weekly income to a guaranteed minimum level of £159.35 if you are single or £243.25 if you are in a couple.

Savings Credit is extra money if you’ve got some savings or your income is higher than the basic State Pension. If you are entitled to it, you could receive £13.20 extra per week if you’re single or £14.90 if you’re in a couple. However, once your relative sells his or her house to pay for care they may find they miss out on Savings Credit, as eligibility depends on having a relatively low amount of savings.

Get advice

Getting care funding right is extremely important, and involving a professional may help you to make the right decisions. Try the Society of Later Life Advisers (SOLLA) for financial advisers who are experts in care funding and other issues affecting older people.

Age UK has a free helpline on 0800 678 1174 or visit its website.

Looking for credit card or current account deals? Search here


~_~


A new study has been criticised for suggesting that women are less intelligent than men.

Scientists concluded that men’s average intelligence quotient (IQ) is four points above women’s because their brains are typically larger.

But using IQ – which relies largely on symbolic logic – is a controversial measure of intelligence, as it's harder to apply to everyday life.

British neuroscientist Dr Adrian Owen has previously called IQ assessments "pretty meaningless".

The latest study was carried out by Erasmus University in Rotterdam and reignites the controversial debate about how to measure intelligence.

Historical bigotry has seen women denied the right to vote and own property, often on the basis that their brains were physically smaller, leading to the incorrect assumption that they are less intelligent.

But author and science journalist Angela Saini says this is not the case, and the latest study is part of a long-running attempt by male neuroscientists to undermine women.

Ms Saini, who has written a book on how science underestimated the intelligence of women, told The Sunday Times: "It is scientifically well established that there is no difference on average in general intelligence between women and men.

"It's also well known that women have, on average, slightly smaller brains than men because they are, on average, slightly smaller in size. This paper does not disprove these facts.

"For more than 100 years, male anatomists and neuroscientists have sought to find evidence of women's intellectual inferiority by comparing their brains to those of men.

"It's surprising that in the 21st century those efforts haven't ended."

Van der Linden and his colleagues used detailed MRI scans of people aged between 22 and 37 to measure the volume of their brains and the areas of their cerebral cortex which are linked to conscious thoughts and actions.

The IQ of each participant was also measured. The team found that men had an average brain volume of 1.2 litres compared with 1 litre for women, and that people with bigger brains had slightly higher IQ scores.

However, some studies have shown that EQ – emotional intelligence – is a more effective indicator of success in the workplace and wider life. Women typically score higher than men on this measure.


~_~


路透柏林6月27日 - 美国商务部长罗斯周二表示，如果贸易伙伴国不能就钢铁倾销问题帮助找到共同解决方案，美国除了寻求“大规模”举措来应对外可能别无选择。

罗斯在柏林参加一场经济活动时表示，在这种情况下，那些本来不是倾销直接来源的国家可能会面临困境。

他没有具体说明总统特朗普将采取哪些举措来解决钢铁业产能过剩问题。在美国政府看来，这是一个重要问题，称其希望让美国贸易关系更公平。

“如果总统特朗普就倾销问题采取行动，希望会促使进口国采取集体解决方案，”罗斯对默克尔所在的保守派基督教民主党(CDU)成员表示。

“由于缺少与伙伴国强有力的联合行动，我们可能别无选择，只能自己行动，”他说。“如果我们这样做，或许会是大规模的举措。”

罗斯此前曾表示，他希望在6月末前完成对美国钢铁产业的国家安全调研，此举或带来全面的钢铁进口限制新规。

美国商务部正在启用冷战时期的一部贸易法案，可允许总统对被视为重要国防用途的特定产品和材料实行进口限制。

尚不确定调研结果的出炉时间以及相关的后续行动。

特朗普政府官员周二早些时候告诉路透，特朗普对中国在朝鲜和双边贸易问题上无作为感到越来越沮丧，现正考虑对华采取贸易行动，包括对钢铁进口加征关税等。

美国原已对中国的钢材征收了多项反倾销和反补贴税，导致中国在美国钢铁市场上的直接份额大受影响。本次国家安全调研推出的新限制措施，或将对来自德国、日本和韩国等美国盟友的钢材产生更大影响。

罗斯在会上还提及，在药品、化学品和运输等其它领域，美国对欧盟的贸易赤字尤其巨大，但他表示双方应协作应对第三方国家的倾销行为。

罗斯发言后，默克尔对他有关恢复美欧贸易协议相关工作的呼吁表示欢迎，但强调德国的在美投资是美国就业岗位的重要来源。(完)


~_~


“So what’s this surprise then?”

“You’ll see in a minute.”

Excited as a child, trying to wheedle the details of the day’s excursion out of my long-suffering beau as we enter the idyllic grounds of Lingholm Estate – famously the childhood holiday home of Beatrix Potter – I shield my eyes from the sun and look up. And see something truly astonishing.

Fifty metres ahead waits a man wearing wellies and a tweed flat cap over his flaming red hair. That isn’t what’s astonishing – it’s pretty standard dress code for nearby Keswick, the pretty Lake District town where we’ve been staying for the last few days. No, what’s taken me aback is his two companions: a couple of joyously adorable alpacas.

“Surprise!” The boyfriend looks at me with a grin as I splutter in shock. Of all the things I was expecting, this wasn’t one of them.

“What…? How…?” I stumble forward in awe, staring lovingly at the creatures before me and immediately anthropomorphising them: “They’re smiling!”

(They’re not.)

The man turns out to be Terry, former soldier turned breeder and entrepreneur, who in just four short years has grown his herd from a couple of alpacas to over 40. He has no background in farming but learnt the trade as he went along, asking breeders for advice and doing research online.

“Here you go, this is Jake,” says Terry, handing me a lead attached to the white fluffy specimen on his left. I cling on, half delighted, half terrified, as he informs me that this is Jake’s first time out of the paddock – he’s never been walked by a stranger before.

Beatrix Potter's holiday home provides the perfect backdrop (Oliver Jarvis )

“Won’t he be nervous?” I ask, covering for the fact that I’m a tad nervous myself.

“Nah, he’ll be fine. Probably. You can’t tell whether they’ll like it until you get them out on the lead, so we’ll see.”

Terry hands the other alpaca, a gorgeous auburn beast called Bradley, to my partner and explains to us that we can pet them, but only in certain places. “Stroke them on the side of the neck – but don’t touch them on the back. It makes them anxious.”

I gulp. Got it, no back-touching.

Lingholm Estate backs onto Derwentwater (Oliver Jarvis )

There’s really no need to be scared though – Terry is quick to inform us that our charges’ top teeth have been trimmed, so they can give us a nip but it won’t do any damage.

Adding that alpacas make different sounds to indicate their mood – when they hum it means they’re contented – the perpetually laid-back Terry beckons us forward to begin our tour of the estate’s private grounds.

Alpacas aside, booking this experience provides an innovative loophole in the law of the manor. Only parts of Lingholm Estate are open to the public – namely The Lingholm Kitchen café, a smattering of public footpaths and the walled garden that provided Ms Potter with the inspiration for Peter Rabbit’s adventures with Farmer McGregor. But the actual house and grounds behind are privately owned by boy-done-good millionaire businessman David Seymour, who bought the estate in 2014: “He’s a decent lad,” Terry tells us. The only way you can walk freely around the grounds is by staying on the estate in one of the 11 accommodation options, ranging from bijoux apartments to sizeable houses – or by taking an alpaca for a walk.

Taking a selfie with an alpaca is harder than it looks (Oliver Jarvis)



The latter is infinitely more entertaining. As we tentatively take our first steps with our new best friends, I’m torn between gazing in wonder at Jake’s jovial face and gazing in wonder at the magnificent grounds. The house is perfectly positioned at the top of a gentle slope leading down to Derwentwater, providing an unbeatable view of what I consider to be the Lake District’s most beautiful body of water.

We soon warm up to our companions, gently leading them across the path, trying to discourage them from eating every blade of grass in sight. In no time I hear the unmistakable vibrations of a hum: “It’s Jake! He loves me!”

Terry gives us his patter as we walk, telling us about how he built up the business from nothing; in addition to alpaca walks, he makes a tidy profit from selling their fleece, coveted for its softness. He throws in some ghoulish Beatrix Potter facts that were conveniently left out of the movie – apparently she chloroformed and stuffed animals as a child so she could draw them more accurately. Nice.

Terry takes the alpacas for a dip (Oliver Jarvis )

We make our way down to the water’s edge at a leisurely pace, pausing every now and then for Terry to capture a few snaps of us as a memento. When we reach the shore, he encourages us to take a selfie with our alpacas: it’s much trickier than it sounds, as they move their heads this way and that in diva-like fashion.

I sigh contentedly as I stand looking over the tranquil beauty of Derwentwater while Jake the alpaca nuzzles into the sleeve of my coat (there’s a sentence I never thought I’d write). How could life get better than this?

Moving on, we come to a rope swing tied to a tree, which was reportedly a favourite hangout of Beatrix’s. “Fancy a swing?” asks Terry. Do I?!

I push off, hoping for the inspiration and creativity of Britain’s most lauded children’s author to filter through the years and take root in my head. Ooh, imagine if a hedgehog did laundry – wait, that’s already been done. Oh well.

The hour passes ludicrously quickly, and before I know it we’ve circled back around to the field where Terry keeps some of his herd. I look down sadly at Jake – I can’t bear to be parted from him already.

And it turns out I don’t have to. “Come on, it’s feeding time,” shouts Terry. He brings a big bucket of feed, pouring pellets into our outstretched palms so that alpacas trot over and snuffle their soft snouts against our fingers. We spend a busy half-hour ensuring everyone has had their fill before it really is time to go.

“Goodbye Jake,” I say softly, stroking his neck as I imagine I see his clear blue eyes welling up with tears.

(They’re not).

And then I chloroform and stuff him, Potter-style, so our love will never die.

Just kidding.

Travel essentials

A 90-minute long alpaca walk around Lingholm Estate for two people costs £60. Children under 8 can walk for free (sharing an alpaca with a paying adult).

alpacalyeverafter.co.uk


~_~


An iconic hotel that's played host to stars including Beyoncé and Jay Z, Princess Diana and Dodi al Fayed, Elton John, Grace Kelly and Robbie Williams, Cala di Volpe on Sardinia’s exclusive Costa Smeralda is perhaps best known as one of the locations where Roger Moore was filmed as James Bond in The Spy Who Loved Me.

Despite the all-star status, luxury is discreet here. Built in the style of an ancient Italian fishing village, you'd be forgiven for thinking Cala di Volpe is centuries old. With its terracotta-tiled roofs and ombré walls painted in pastel shades of pink, orange and yellow, its rustic style harkens back to a simpler time – but in fact it only opened in 1962.

It may be understated, but this is still an exclusive hotel; I relish the decadence of hopping aboard the private five-minute shuttle boat, complimentary for hotel guests, that whisks me to a secluded beach around the corner. It’s nice to get the celebrity treatment once in a while, even when you’re not Beyoncé. For those who prefer to stay in their depth, the hotel boasts a huge saltwater pool, plus an indoor and outdoor gym.

Cala di Volpe has views over a quiet bay (Cala di Volpe)

And I’m tempted to make use of the work-out facilities after being plied with cuttle-fish ink spaghetti and Sardinian roasted pork, both exceptional, at the hotel’s main restaurant. Breakfast is served here too - I indulged in traditional Sardinian cakes, freshly-baked bread and mozzarella, with a side of exquisite views of the private harbour. There’s another eatery on site, too – the more informal outdoor Barbecue Restaurant, offering a colourful Mediterranean buffet and a more dressed-down feel.

This is a place where people come to see and be seen, and everything is Instagram-worthy – including the signature bellinis, made with fresh white peaches and best enjoyed on the hotel terrace as the sun sets. Cala di Volpe isn’t short of bars to savour a drink at, with four to choose from including the trendy Atrium bar, which serves up cocktails complemented by views across the bay.

There's a selection of designer shops on the hotel’s ground floor, which gives you an idea of the type of clientele Cala di Volpe attracts. About a third of the guests are well-heeled Italians, and moneyed Americans and Brits flock here too to soak up the sun.

Location

Located on the Costa Smeralda on the northern coast of Sardinia, Cala di Volpe is just a half-hour drive from Olbia airport, a two and a half hour flight from London Gatwick. The hotel provides a free deluxe minivan shuttle service to ferry guests to and from the airport.

Costa Smeralda translates as the Emerald Coast, named for the distinctive deep green colour of the sea along this 55km stretch of coastline. I can confirm it lives up to the name – the water manages to be both clear and an eye-catching shade of jade simultaneously, striking a stark contrast with the pale blue of the cloudless sky.

Cala di Volpe's restaurant serves up Sardinian pork and seafood pasta (Cala di Volpe)

Cala di Volpe – or Bay of Foxes – feels completely secluded. It’s set next to a quiet bay so still it feels like a lake, with a tucked-away stretch of sand accessible by the speed boat shuttle that comes every half hour. I was happy to relax and enjoy the surroundings, but for those who fancy venturing further afield there are plenty of other beaches and coves to explore in the area.

Comfort

Rustic whimsy meets all-out luxury at Cala di Volpe – I find the simple white sheets of my king-sized bed graced with a Lindt chocolate after turn down, the colourfully tiled bathroom is stocked with premium Acqua Di Parma toiletries, and the roughly hewn white stucco walls are adorned with a large flat-screen television in addition to the more traditional Sardinian arts and crafts.

There’s high-speed wifi, a business centre and even sockets on the balconies for those who’d prefer to work with a view of the turquoise bay and surrounding verdant greenery.

Cala di Volpe's bedroom are charmingly rustic (Cala di Volpe)

Ranging from singles to doubles to suites, the hotel’s 121 rooms are gratifyingly spacious – particularly the one three-bedroom presidential suite, complete with private rooftop and swimming pool. Not that I’m staying there. After all, I’m not really Queen Bey.

Essentials

Hotel Cala di Volpe, Costa Smeralda, Porto Cervo, 07020, Italy

0039 0789 976111; caladivolpe.com

Doubles from €420 (£360) in June and September, €1,360 (£1,160) in July and August, B&B.

Wifi: Free

Rooms: *****

Service: *****

Value: ****


~_~


If this were high stakes blackjack, Warren Gatland would be holding a pair of kings in his hand right now, content with the cards he has been dealt and letting his poker face do the talking. His opposite number, Steve Hansen, is not so comfortable at the table, as he has a pair of fives, but the All Blacks coach is ready to twist in the hope of receiving the ace he needs to wrestle back the advantage in this intriguing British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.

That’s because where Lions coach Gatland has been able to name an unchanged line-up, a first for the tourists in 24 years, Hansen has decided the revamp his back-line. His hand has been partly forced by the suspension of Sonny Bill Williams following his red card last weekend, but rather than put his faith just in the untested Ngani Laumape, Hansen has elected to throw two players in at the deep end by also handing Jordie Barrett his first international start.

It’s a massive gamble by the World Cup winner. The loss of Ben Smith and Ryan Crotty to concussion and a hamstring injury respectively has significantly hampered the All Blacks’ cause during this Test series, and rather than stick with the power game that they have surprisingly resorted to in the first two matches, Hansen has put his faith in young Jordie to bring the flair and dazzling rugby that he has displayed for the Hurricanes this season.

British and Irish Lions player ratings vs All Blacks second Test







30 show all British and Irish Lions player ratings vs All Blacks second Test

























































1/30 Israel Dagg – 6 out of 10 Dropped the first high ball he had to field that was a sign of things to come. Struggled with the conditions and will not have expected to face so much coming his way. AFP/Getty Images

2/30 Waisake Naholo – 5 out of 10 Ran at times like a headless chicken as he followed the defenders rather than the ball. Did well to take an early cross-field kick, but suffered a head injury and didn’t return. Getty Images

3/30 Anton Lienert-Brown – 5 out of 10 Little impact on his return to the side. Had one good run in the second half but did little else of note. Getty Images

4/30 Sonny Bill Williams – 3 out of 10 Rightly sent-off for an intentional shoulder charge to the head of Watson that was meant to hurt him. First All Black to be sent-off since 1967. Getty Images

5/30 Rieko Ioane – 5 out of 10 Wasn’t given the chances to make an impact as he was in Auckland and didn’t come off his wing enough to find work. Getty Images for NZR

6/30 Beauden Barrett – 6 out of 10 Struggled with his goal kicking as he missed three penalties that ultimately cost the All Blacks the game. Passing was accurate and he swept back well when the ball was kicked in behind. Moved to full-back for the second weekend in a row. Getty Images

7/30 Aaron Smith – 6 out of 10 Wasn’t given the easy ride that he had at Eden Park, and the pressure affected his performance. His kicking was slightly off-target. Getty Images

8/30 Joe Moody – 7 out of 10 Enjoyed a good battle with Tadhg Furlong that left them both equal in the scrum. Didn’t carry as well as his opposite man, though his defending was good. Getty Images

9/30 Codie Taylor – 7 out of 10 Did incredibly well to soldier on after taking a knock midway through the first half and didn’t come off until the final minute. Lineout was much stronger this week and he should take credit for his throwing. Getty Images

10/30 Owen Franks – 7 out of 10 Probably edged his battle with Vunipola but his removal gave the Lions the edge in the pack. Wonder if Steve Hansen’s preference to replace both props at the same time has cost him. Getty Images for NZR

11/30 Brodie Retallick – 6 out of 10 Not as effective as the first Test as the Lions won that physicality battle. Penalised twice by Jerome Garces at the breakdown. Getty Images

12/30 Sam Whitelock – 6 out of 10 Came off second best in the battle of the second rows. Jumped well in the lineout. Getty Images

13/30 Jerome Kaino – 5 out of 10 The unfortunate casualty of Williams’ red card as he was removed to allow Ngani Laumape to fill the gap in the centres. Getty Images

14/30 Sam Cane – 7 out of 10 A presence again at the breakdown and won a penalty within 10 minutes when he got over Watson. Put in a big tackle on Farrell to make sure the centre knew he was watching him, and probably the All Blacks’ best performer. Getty Images

15/30 Kieran Read – 6 out of 10 Should take credit for running the lineout to a 90 per cent success ratio, but he was not as prominent in the loose as last weekend. Getty Images

16/30 Lions: Liam Williams – 7 out of 10 Knocked the first box-kick forwards but posed problems for the All Blacks with his strong chasing off restarts. Smart pass gave Faletau the chance to score the opening try. Getty Images

17/30 Anthony Watson – 6 out of 10 Wore a heavy blow to the head in Sonny Bill Williams’ red-card tackle. Struggled for space as he had to cut-back on the switch twice, one of which saw him penalised when he met Sam Cane. Gaps just aren’t breaking in his favour, though made a good break late in the game. Getty Images

18/30 Jonathan Davies – 7 out of 10 Straightened the line usefully with the final play of the first half that led to a penalty. Kept his head late on to clear the ball immediately when in trouble. Getty Images

19/30 Owen Farrell – 8 out of 10 Looked much happier with the extra time he was offered at 12. Will have been relieved to see Williams depart early, and grew into the game as it wore on. While Barrett felt the pressure, Farrell missed just one conversion and kicked the match-winning penalty. Getty Images

20/30 Elliot Daly – 6 out of 10 Very quiet as the weather kept the ball away from his wing. Showed good awareness to retreat when All Blacks’ spotted space, but lengthy kick rolled dead to hurt the Lions. Getty Images

21/30 Johnny Sexton – 7 out of 10 Overcooked one kick that rolled dead but had a nice one into space that put Ioane under pressure. Began to get his trademark loop going with Farrell that brought some success, though dropped a high ball when he appeared to panic. Getty Images

22/30 Conor Murray – 7 out of 10 Given much more time on the ball though he took his time to come into the game. Took his moment brilliantly though to spot a gap and surge through to score. Getty Images

23/30 Mako Vunipola – 5 out of 10 Singled out for first penalty of the match when he collapsed the scrum, though Barrett’s poor kick let him off the hook. Lost his head when he conceded two penalties in three minutes for dangerous play. Guilty of being penalised four times. AFP/Getty Images

24/30 Jamie George – 8 out of 10 Saw two lineouts go astray but carried well, not least when his surge set Murray up for his try, and put in a huge 80 minute shift that should not be knocked at Test level. AFP/Getty Images

25/30 Tadhg Furlong – 7 out of 10 Impactful run early in the match as he took two All Blacks defenders with him in to the 22. Came off equal with Franks in an intriguing scrum battle and replaced by Kyle Sinckler midway through the second half. Getty Images

26/30 Maro Itoje – 8 out of 10 The Test match animal that the Lions have been waiting for. Phenomenal in defence as he stole the ball and disrupted All Blacks’ possession. Started like a house on fire, and he would have scored a nine had he not started leaking penalties in the second half. Getty Images

27/30 Alun Wyn Jones – 8 out of 10 Much better start to the match and rewarded Gatland for his faith in him. Delivered what was expected of him and carried much stronger this week. Looked like the Lion he is famous for in past tours. Getty Images

28/30 Sam Warburton – 7 out of 10 Good offload released Jones in the first half and dogged work at the breakdown slowed All Blacks’ ball that left opposite skipper Read frustrated. Getty Images

29/30 Sean O’Brien – 7 out of 10 Helped Sexton and Farrell by defending in-between them and carried brilliant as he took the fight to the All Blacks. Struggled to turn ball over but otherwise faultless. Getty Images

30/30 Taulupe Faletau – 8 out of 10 Popped up when it mattered most to score the first try and did exceptionally well to hold off Dagg and score. Carried well off the base. Getty Images

He is the youngest of three brothers named in the matchday squad, with Beauden at fly-half and Scott on the bench as the replacement lock. Yet he proved he can mix it with the Lions after starring in the 31-31 draw for the Canes last week in Wellington, and if he can bring his running boots with him on Saturday, Jordie could well be the man who does the most damage to the Lions – not to mention he is a better goal-kicker than big brother Beauden.

Lions Diary: Jared Payne ruled out of tour

However, the weather forecast again suggests that running rugby may not be the order of the day in Auckland this weekend, and do not be surprised if images of Gatland leading his squad through a rain dance emerge over the next 48 hours.

The Lions have been the side that have adapted to conditions much better over the series, and he has unsurprisingly kept faith with the side that secured a 24-21 victory last time out at Westpac Stadium.

The key for the tourists will be to see how quickly they can regain their focus. While the All Blacks made an immediate return to the training field to right the wrongs of their second Test performance, the Lions ventured to Queenstown for some rest and recovery, though that can also be read as bungee jumping, jet boating and booze.

It’s a plan that has worked for the Lions under Gatland, given they won the third Test in 2009 and 2013 after similar trips. But if the players do not hit the ground running this weekend, there will be plenty of questions about why the squad were living it up in Queenstown rather than knuckling down in Auckland.


~_~


The row between Jeff Hendrick and another man was just “drunken handbags”, a court has been told.

Mr Hendrick, 25, the Ireland footballer, and his co-accused, Jonathan Doran, 26, deny charges of committing violent disorder outside a nightclub in 2013. Mr Doran also denies assault.

Darren McDermott told Dublin circuit criminal court that Mr Hendrick dragged him from a taxi outside the club in Harcourt Street, Dublin on October 12, 2013 shortly after a verbal row inside the club. He said that he had ended up on the ground and received kicks to his head, face, chest and back.

He is now suing the footballer and the nightclub for damages.

Under cross-examination by Sean Gillane, SC, defending Mr Hendrick, Mr McDermott said he could not…


~_~





~_~


Turkey's Minister for EU Affairs Omer Celik reacts during an interview with Reuters in Ankara, Turkey, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas

ANKARA Turkey rejects any proposals to drop European Union accession talks in favour of cooperation in other areas, its EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday ahead of a European Parliament vote on suspending Turkey's membership bid.

Speaking during a visit to Ankara by EU enlargement commissioner Johannes Hahn, Celik said it was wrong for EU lawmakers to call for the suspension of Turkey's membership talks, adding such approaches would benefit neither side.

"We reject with the back of our hand any proposals that there should be strong cooperation between Turkey and the EU in other areas instead of accession talks," Celik told reporters.

On Wednesday, EU lawmakers called for a suspension of Turkey's membership talks with the European Union, saying President Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown on opponents meant Ankara did not meet the bloc's democratic criteria.

A vote on the proposal is expected to pass comfortably on Thursday, but the parliament has limited influence on the issue. The European Commission and EU governments have ignored calls for a formal suspension of a process already in limbo.

Turkey's ties with its European allies have deteriorated since last July's abortive putsch, with Turkey accusing some European states of not showing enough support.

"The European Parliament has failed in its solidarity with Turkey following the coup attempt. We had expected strong support, but the call to end membership talks instead is wrong," Celik said.

Relations soured further in the run-up to an April 16 referendum that narrowly handed Erdogan sweeping presidential powers, as tensions between Turkey and the bloc escalated when some European states barred Turkish ministers from delivering speeches to drum up support ahead of the vote.

In an interview on Wednesday, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told Reuters that Turkey was not responsible for the escalation of tensions between the two sides.

"Europe displaying inappropriate behaviour towards Turkey is not a situation we can accept. Being against our President Erdogan is also not a rational stance from Europe. Europe must decide: ... do they really want to enlarge?" Kurtulmus said.

EU commissioner Hahn said he hoped the interaction between the two sides would lead to a higher level of political dialogue.

"I don't know what will be decided, but I have to stress that the European Parliament is one of the institutions elected by the European citizens. Members of the European Parliament represent the view of their voters," Hahn said.

Kurtulmus said he believed sincere negotiations between the two parties would help resolve issues, and that Europe should take notice of the helping hand Turkey has extended.

EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan and his behaviour towards opponents, both before and after the abortive coup. But they do not want to undermine an agreement struck last year whereby Turkey effectively stopped migrants reaching Greece, easing a crisis that had threatened EU unity.

Celik said Turkey had noted the bloc's criticism regarding its judiciary and freedom of press and expression, but added the EU was blocking the process by not opening new chapters.

(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Daren Butler and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Dominic Evans and Toby Chopra)


~_~


The White House and a pair of influential conservative advocacy groups have endorsed a proposal by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) that would allow health insurers to offer cheaper, less-comprehensive plans as long as they also offered at least one plan that includes the essential consumer protections required by the Affordable Care Act. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has sent Cruz's proposal to the Congressional Budget Office for cost-benefit analysis.

Wednesday's endorsement of the Cruz amendment by the leaders of FreedomWorks and the Club for Growth "is significant: Without at least a neutral stance from conservative groups, it could be impossible for McConnell to find the 50 votes needed to pass a repeal this month," Politico reports. "But what the right is asking for may not be able to pass the Senate." The proposal may well violate budget rules that McConnell is using to push through his bill with 51 votes, and more centrist senators and outside insurance experts are concerned that it would essentially price people with pre-existing conditions and other high medical needs out of the insurance market.

"People who have higher health-care needs and need more comprehensive coverage would choose ACA-compliant plans," said Cori Uccello at the American Academy of Actuaries. "People who are healthy now would tend to choose noncompliant plans with really basic benefits. People who want or need more comprehensive coverage could find it out of their reach, because it might become unaffordable." Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), who was frequently thanked during July 4 festivities for helping at least slow down the bill, agreed that the Cruz language "would lead to adverse selection in the marketplace," adding: "It would also vitiate the important consumer protection of having a prohibition against annual and lifetime caps" on benefits.

Cruz and his allies argue that the amendment would lower premiums and allow individual consumers to essentially opt out of ObamaCare, but touching the pre-existing condition language may be a deal-breaker for other Republicans. "Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee is speaking against it in caucus lunches and Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska, a staunch conservative, also vocally opposes Lee and Cruz's idea," Politico says. "Many senators believe that the House made a critical error by allowing states to opt out of pre-existing condition protections and are determined not to touch that part of ObamaCare." A Senate vote could come as early as next week. Peter Weber


~_~


3:57

Living With the Original iPhone... in 2017

Back in 2007, the iPhone was revolutionary. But what about using that same phone in 2017? WSJ's Joanna Stern locked up her iPhone 7 and attempted to make it through the day. Photo: Drew Evans/The Wall Street Journal.


~_~


Floors swimming in nastiness at a Chengdu hospital, open-to-your-neighbours squat toilets at a Beijing restaurant, and cubicles without doors at a theme park in Kunming: just three of the bathroom nightmares experienced by The Independent’s travel desk in the last two years in China.

But such unexpected delights may be a thing of the past, since last week the Chinese government announced its much trumpeted “toilet revolution” is nearly 90 per cent complete, a year ahead of schedule.

In January 2015, China’s National Tourist Administration pledged to build 33,500 new public toilets around the country, focusing on tourist sites. An additional 25,000 were slated for renovation under a three-year plan.

Last week, the CNTA announced that almost 36,000 toilets have been installed and 15,000 renovated. It’ll be a relief for President Xi Jinping, who had personally approved the scheme – as well as for the 4.4b tourists who visit China’s sights every year.

But the improved facilities have caused extra problems. Last month, Beijing authorities installed facial recognition software at the public toilets in the city’s Temple of Heaven Park, in order to combat an increasing problem of people stealing toilet paper, which is rarely on offer at public facilities.

Now, anyone entering the toilets must undergo a facial scan and be allocated a 60cm strip of paper. The system then bars them from requesting more paper within a nine-minute period. Paper use has dropped from 20 rolls per day to just four since the software was installed, according to China Radio International. Most visitors seem to approve – although one man, Wang Jianquang complained to the New York Times that “the sheets are too short.”

Most toilets at the country’s main tourist attractions have now been upgraded, according to Li Jinzao, head of the CNTA – and lesser known sites are now on the agenda. Hopefully before too long, the revolution will reach Kunming.


~_~


The White House and a pair of influential conservative advocacy groups have endorsed a proposal by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) that would allow health insurers to offer cheaper, less-comprehensive plans as long as they also offered at least one plan that includes the essential consumer protections required by the Affordable Care Act. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has sent Cruz's proposal to the Congressional Budget Office for cost-benefit analysis.

Wednesday's endorsement of the Cruz amendment by the leaders of FreedomWorks and the Club for Growth "is significant: Without at least a neutral stance from conservative groups, it could be impossible for McConnell to find the 50 votes needed to pass a repeal this month," Politico reports. "But what the right is asking for may not be able to pass the Senate." The proposal may well violate budget rules that McConnell is using to push through his bill with 51 votes, and more centrist senators and outside insurance experts are concerned that it would essentially price people with pre-existing conditions and other high medical needs out of the insurance market.

"People who have higher health-care needs and need more comprehensive coverage would choose ACA-compliant plans," said Cori Uccello at the American Academy of Actuaries. "People who are healthy now would tend to choose noncompliant plans with really basic benefits. People who want or need more comprehensive coverage could find it out of their reach, because it might become unaffordable." Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), who was frequently thanked during July 4 festivities for helping at least slow down the bill, agreed that the Cruz language "would lead to adverse selection in the marketplace," adding: "It would also vitiate the important consumer protection of having a prohibition against annual and lifetime caps" on benefits.

Cruz and his allies argue that the amendment would lower premiums and allow individual consumers to essentially opt out of ObamaCare, but touching the pre-existing condition language may be a deal-breaker for other Republicans. "Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee is speaking against it in caucus lunches and Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska, a staunch conservative, also vocally opposes Lee and Cruz's idea," Politico says. "Many senators believe that the House made a critical error by allowing states to opt out of pre-existing condition protections and are determined not to touch that part of ObamaCare." A Senate vote could come as early as next week. Peter Weber


~_~


British football is braced for a wide-ranging crackdown on tax avoidance, including investigations into potential abuse of the “image rights” loophole, after HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) won its long-running case against Rangers at the Supreme Court yesterday.

After a long-running appeal process, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in HMRC’s favour over Rangers’ use of employee benefit trusts (EBTs), whereby more than £47 million was paid to players, managers and directors in tax-free loans, via trust funds in Jersey, between 2001 and 2010. The offences were committed by a previous regime and at a previous company, since Rangers were liquidated and reformed in 2012, but yesterday’s judgement represents another low in the Scottish club’s inglorious recent history.

Responding to the verdict, HMRC warned of “wide-ranging…


~_~


Facebook is due to start hiding posts from people who spam users' news feed with clickbait, sensationalised and misinformative articles.

In a statement, the social media giant said it was making the update "to reduce low quality links" in users' news feed.

Facebook said it carried out research which showed that a small group of users were "routinely sharing vast amounts of public posts per day", which was effectively spamming people's feeds.

The study showed that the same people, who were sharing vast amounts of public posts, were also sharing low quality content.

As a result of the research, Facebook said it would "deprioritise" posts being shared from those accounts.

The new policy will only apply to links for individual articles and domains - pages, videos, photos, check-ins or status updates will not be affected.

Facebook said it aimed to make people's news feed more "informative".

It said: "By taking steps like this to improve news feed, we’re able to surface more stories that people find informative and reduce the spread of problematic links such as clickbait, sensationalism and misinformation."

Meanwhile, Facebook is also reported to be rolling out a new Discover tab for Messenger that will make it easier for users to find and engage with brands and chatbots, Business Insider reports.

Gadgets and tech news in pictures







+ show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures



















































































1/43 Designed by Pierpaolo Lazzarini from Italian company Jet Capsule. The I.F.O. is fuelled by eight electric engines, which is able to push the flying object to an estimated top speed of about 120mph. Jet Capsule/Cover Images

2/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images

3/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images

4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

5/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

6/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

7/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

8/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex

9/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex

10/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters

11/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters

12/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex

13/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters

14/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters

15/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty

16/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty

17/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters

18/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP

19/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters

20/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters

21/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters

22/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

23/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

24/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters

25/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

26/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty

27/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty

28/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

29/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

30/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

31/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

32/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters

33/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty

34/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire

35/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire

36/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA

37/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA

38/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA

39/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty

40/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty

41/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP

42/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP

43/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA

The tool, which was unveiled during a Facebook conference in April, is part of the company's strategy to make Messenger a go-to communication platforms between users and businesses.

The social network said it wants to make the app more like the Yellow Pages and make it easier for users to get in touch with businesses.

While users will be able to use the Discover tab to "find the businesses they care about", this will also mean businesses will also be able to pester users more easily.


~_~


Activity among the UK's builders slowed by more than expected in June according to the latest survey snapshot of the sector.

The Purchasing Managers' Index came in at 54.8 in the month, down from 56 in May and lower than the 55 City of London analysts had pencilled in.

Any reading above 50 signals growth.

All three of the main construction sectors - housebuilding, commercial and civil engineering - slowed in the month.

Measures of business optimism hit their lowest levels of the year so far.

"Survey respondents commented on renewed caution among clients, in response to heightened political and economic uncertainty," said Tim Moore, senior economist at IHS Markit, which compiles the PMI.

June's construction reading follows a bigger than expected June slowdown in manufacturing reported by the PMI Monday.

Construction accounts for around 6 per cent of UK GDP and manufacturing 10 per cent.

The services sector PMI, which covers the rest of the economy, will be released on Wednesday.

The building sector grew by 1.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, while the wider economy slowed to just 0.2 per cent GDP growth, according to the Office for National Statistics.

"The average level of the PMI in Q2 is consistent on past form with quarter-on-quarter growth in construction output of about 0.5 per cent in Q2," said Samuel Tombs, economist at Pantheon.

"The official measure of output in April, however, was 1.5 per cent below its Q1 average, so unless the data are revised significantly the construction sector likely dragged on GDP growth in Q2."

Official statistics show the construction sector expanded by 2.4 per cent in 2016 as a whole, following a 4.5 per cent expansion in 2015 and 8 per cent in 2014.

However, the level of construction output level still remains below its peak in 2007.


~_~


The financial markets have been rocked by Donald Trump’s victory in the US election, but what are the president elect’s policies?

After a long and bitter campaign for the US presidency, Donald Trump has triumphed over Hillary Clinton and the world’s financial markets have been rocked.

For Trump’s supporters he represents a chance to shake up a system that many Americans feel has increased inequality and squeezed living standards. For less complacent investors, there are worries Trump’s anti-globalisation mantra will spread protectionism around the world, put up trade barriers and curb global economic growth. Furthermore, markets do not like unknowns and with Trump going to the White House they are dealing with a complete newcomer to politics. His administration is widely expected to mark a departure from the policies of his own Republican party as well as the outgoing Democrats.

So what do we know about Trump’s economic policies? We look at the key areas:

Trade

Tapping into economic discontent Trump has argued for protectionism and asserted that decades of free-trade policies were responsible for the collapse of the American manufacturing industry. He has been feeding on the perception among many Americans that globalisation has brought more pain than gain, for example, by bringing cheap consumer goods into the country, costing domestic jobs and depressing wages. Outsourcing of jobs to cheaper markets has also been a concern. Against that backdrop, Trump’s stance on trade is perhaps the clearest of his economic policies.

The billionaire Republican wants to renegotiate, or possibly even scrap, the North American Free Trade Agreement. Nafta lowers trade barriers between the US, Canada and Mexico and was negotiated by George HW Bush and enacted in the 1990s by Bill Clinton. The incoming president wants Nafta to offer a better deal for Americans and has rejected claims by his opponents that the deal has helped the US economy by opening up export markets.

The protectionism with regard to Mexico does not stop there. One of Trump’s most notorious pledges in the presidential campaign was to build a multibillion-dollar wall along the US southern border and force Mexico to pay for it. On the markets on Wednesday fears over the blow to Mthe Mexican economy from Trump’s victory have sent the peso plummeting.

Other global trade deals are also now very much in doubt, notably the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), between 12 countries around the Pacific rim, excluding China, and the agreement being negotiated between the US and Europe, known as the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP).

In terms of trade deals, both TTIP and the TPP now look dead in the water

Philip Shaw, an economist at the bank Investec, says: “While we are minded to disregard some of Mr Trump’s wilder pre-election rhetoric, we consider that there is a tangible risk that a Trump presidency could fuel anti-globalisation momentum and spark a wave of protectionist policies around the globe. In terms of trade deals, both TTIP and the TPP now look dead in the water.”

Trump has also made his anger with China over trade well known, arguing that since China joined the World Trade Organisation, Americans have witnessed the closure of more than 50,000 factories and the loss of tens of millions of jobs. He wants the US government to label China a “currency manipulator” and has lambasted the rapidly growing Asian economy for “unfair subsidy behaviour”.

Taxes

Here again, Trump has played into frustrations among many Americans over their sense of financial insecurity, inequality and squeezed incomes. Trump, who has faced fierce criticism for appearing to escape paying income tax himself for almost two decades, promised tax cuts for all income groups.



He has pledged “a massive tax reduction” for working and middle-income Americans and has vowed to eliminate income taxes for individuals who earn less than $25,000 annually, or $50,000 for a married couple. He has also said he would “ensure the rich pay their fair share”. But analysis by the conservative Tax Foundation has found Trump’s tax plan would disproportionately help the richest Americans, saving them millions.

Trump has also supported lower corporate taxes, proposing to cut the business tax rate from 35% to 15%. He wants to close special interest tax loopholes and to restrict companies from moving money out of the country. He has also proposed a corporate tax repatriation plan – to encourage US companies which hoard cash overseas to avoid paying the 35% tax to bring that cash back to the US. According to Capital Economics this cash hoard is now $2.5tn. A tax holiday – so the tax due would be only 10% for a period – could encourage corporations to bring back cash to invest or distribute to shareholders

Public finances

All those tax cuts mean less coming in to government coffers, at least in the near-term. There is an argument that the potential boost to businesses and to household spending power would lift the economy enough to improve government finances. But, for now, economists expect that Trump’s plans for tax cuts across the board will mean the US taking on more debt as its deficit – the gap between spending and income – swells.

Kevin Logan, the chief US economist at the bank HSBC, says: “Reducing the budget deficits, while cutting tax rates at the same time, will be difficult without sizable cutbacks in federal spending. If a Trump administration manages to push through tax cuts with matching spending cuts, federal budget deficits, which are already trending higher, will probably increase substantially, in our view.”

Obamacare

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Trump called Obamacare an expensive ‘disaster’. Photograph: Jonathan Bachman/Reuters

Trump wants to repeal and replace president Barack Obama’s healthcare plan, introduced under the Affordable Care Act (ACA), with his own, cheaper plan for tax-free health savings accounts (HSAs). On the campaign trail, Trump called Obamacare an expensive “disaster”.

About 20 million more people have insurance thanks to the ACA but the scheme has struggled to run efficiently because it relies on competition between insurers to provide affordable coverage, and that competition has dwindled.



Immigration

The most high-profile Trump plan on immigration is for a wall along the Mexican border. He also said he would deport 11 million undocumented migrants, something opponents say is physically impossible. He wants immigrants to be selected on the basis of “their likelihood of success in the US and their ability to be financially self-sufficient”.

Jobs and growth

Unemployment in the US has dropped below 5%, a good record on the surface for Obama. But during his campaign, Trump has focused on those parts of the economy and country where the recovery since the financial crash has not being felt, gaining traction with those Americans who have seen their industries diminish and their wages stagnate.

On the campaign trail, Trump chose the once booming industrial centre of Detroit to set out his economic plan. He cited the motor city’s higher-than-average unemployment rate and crime levels in a speech that played on widespread worries about the decline of US manufacturing.

Trump has said his protectionist policies will keep “jobs and wealth inside the United States” . He has promised to increase employment, saying his plans for lower taxes, trade barriers and tighter immigration rules would lead to stronger economic growth. As with the deficit, many economists warn his plans could make things worse not better, hindering economic growth and thereby employers’ ability to create new jobs.

Trump has bemoaned the deteriorating conditions of American infrastructure but has provided little detail on what big spending projects he would undertake. In his victory speech he said: “We are going to fix our inner cities, and rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals. We’re going to rebuild our infrastructure ... and we will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it.”

Interest rates

This is not strictly an area for the government, given interest rates are set by the US central bank, the Federal Reserve, widely referred to as the Fed. But there were worries during the presidential race that a win for Trump would undermine its independence and the position of its chairwoman, Janet Yellen.

The president-elect has previously accused the Fed of keeping borrowing costs low to help president Obama and has said the central bank’s policies have created a “false economy”.

In April he said he would be inclined to replace Yellen. In an interview with Fortune magazine, Trump also said he “absolutely” backed efforts to diminish the Fed’s power. Yellen began a four-year term as Fed chairwoman under Obama in February 2014.

Fed policymakers had hinted at another rate rise in December, part of the slow process of bringing policy back to more normal levels after drastic measures to shore up the US economy during the global financial crisis. But investors now think a move next month is off the table given the shock to markets from Trump’s victory and the economic uncertainty that lies ahead.



In the longer-term, more spending and tax cuts from the government – in other words looser fiscal policy – could usher in tighter monetary policy with a more interest rate hikes from the Fed.

Climate change

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Trump’s victory has sparked alarm and dismay among environmentalists. Photograph: Alamy

Trump’s victory has sparked alarm and dismay among environmentalists fearful he will reverse many of the green measures introduced under Obama. Caroline Lucas, the co-leader of the UK’s Green party, described the Republican’s win as “a hammer blow for the fight against climate change”.

In the past the real estate mogul has dismissed global warming as an “expensive hoax”. Now his election to the US presidency has thrown the historic Paris agreement into uncertainty just days after it officially came into force. Trump has threatened to to withdraw the US from the deal to cut greenhouse gases, which took 20 years to negotiate.

By contrast, Trump has indicated he would promote coal, shale gas and oil and there are worries he will curb investment into renewable energy sources as well as funding for the Environmental Protection Agency. He has pledged to scrap regulations for America’s coal industry, a stance that won him the beleaguered sector’s support. It gave around $223,000 in support of Trump, compared with none for his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, according to a Reuters analysis.


~_~


The Week magazine has partnered with Doris & Dicky to bring you this exceptional prize.

Enter today for the chance to win a trip to Berlin including a 2-night stay at the beautifully stylish Sir Savigny and return flights from London. As if that wasn’t enough, you’ll also win a year's subscription to The Week magazine worth £124.95.

With its incredible history, thriving foodie scene and infamous nightlife, there are few better cities for a weekend away than Berlin and, set on the famous Savignyplatz in West Berlin, Sir Savigny is a great base from which to explore. Doris & Dicky offer a curated selection of the world's best boutique hotels for around £100/night. See their full collection here >


~_~


The Reith Lectures: The Day Is for the Living (BBC Radio 4) | iPlayer

Ear Hustle (Radiotopia) | Radiotopia.fm

Chuck Berry: 40 Years On (BBC Radio 6 Music) | iPlayer

Hilary Mantel is witchy. She conjures up the past with impeccably precise language, but the result is magic: stranger than mere history, more resonant. And her voice! So high pitched, it’s as though a child savant is speaking. Or – yes – a sorcerer. Dumbledore talking with the voice of Dolores Umbridge. If Grayson Perry’s Reith Lectures were a version of standup comedy, Mantel’s are a long enchantment, the casting of a spell.

Last week, we heard Mantel give her first lecture, recorded in Manchester. She made jokes about wallpaper. She used her ordinary history – someone once told her: “I come from a long line of nobodies” and she thinks that of herself – and expanded it to explain how she does what she does. Her technique is to get as many facts right as she can, researching the period, checking details obsessively: then her imagination takes over. Real characters speak made-up words. They seem real. “The dead are invisible,” she said. “But they are not absent.” And, answering an audience question: “History is not science. It’s humanity.” Mantel’s mind is exceptional; her voice, too: to hear her speak is delicious.

It’s not often you hear someone like Mantel given voice on the radio: older, female, northern, falsetto. And Radiotopia’s new series, Ear Hustle, sells itself as letting us hear from people we don’t usually hear speak. It’s a podcast made and broadcast from inside San Quentin, the US prison north of San Francisco. Except… I seem to have heard and seen many, many series based inside US prisons. And the voices didn’t seem so different: mostly black men, with rumbling tones, gorgeous slang. What was different was what they spoke about. This, the opening episode of 10, was about “cellies”, or cellmates. One man was sharing with a man who wanted to kill him. Two brothers were initially overjoyed to be cellies together – and then… Co-presenter/producer Earlonne Woods, an inmate, spoke of how his cellmate had been released and he was on the look out for a new one. (Bear in mind that the cells are 4ft by 9ft, with bunk beds, lavatory and washbasin squashed in; cellies need to be able to get along.) Co-presenter/producer Nigel Poor, an artist (who is not in jail), pushed Woods on how he finds someone to share with and, in doing so, revealed her own prejudices and assumptions. Sensitive stuff, but funny, too.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest San Quentin state prison in California. Photograph: Ben Margot/AP

Ear Hustle beat 1,536 other entries in a competition to become an official Radiotopia podcast. As a celebration, the network’s established sister programmes are offering their own incarceration-themed episodes, under the blanket title Doing Time. I recommend Squatters of the Lower East Side from 99% Invisible; Radio Diaries’ The Rubber Room; Mortified’s Mortified, Interrupted… try any one of them, you won’t be disappointed.

Another man who knew about the inside of a prison cell was Chuck Berry. On 6 Music, we were treated to a programme made by Anthony Wall, who interviewed Berry in the late 1970s and made a radio show from the tapes. At the time, no one wanted it. But when Berry died last March, Wall offered it to 6 Music, which rightly snapped it up. Berry spoke of music and poetry, of love. His music weaved in and out. A dreamy tribute.


~_~


Four Things to Watch for During Trump-Putin Meeting


~_~


London's Borough Market reopened this week, 11 days after the terror attack in which eight people were killed and 48 injured.

Now best known as one of the capital's major tourist attractions, this former wholesale trading ground has been around for hundreds of years - it is protected by a 1754 act of parliament that preserves it for public enjoyment "forever", says The Londist.

Despite the attacks, Borough Market will endure - and so it should: a more vibrant testimony to our historic, yet thoroughly modern and cosmopolitan capital you will not find.

The only question, then, is where to go and what to do now that its delights are once again on the menu. Here are The Week's picks.

Starting the day right

If you're in the area first thing in the morning, you'll probably be in need of a caffeine hit to kick-start your day. In which case, head straight to Monmouth Coffee.

Located opposite the market proper on its western side, Monmouth serves what John Ridding, chief executive of the nearby Financial Times, calls the "best coffee in London" - and you'll typically find the queues to prove it.

If you're after something more substantial, then not far away and perched in the rafters inside the market itself, is Roast.

This popular modern-British restaurant sources produce from the market's stallholders and serves "the best English breakfast in town", says Itamar Srulovich and Sarit Packer, of Honey & Co. We'll vouch for that.

Luscious lunches

Roast is a popular venue for breakfast meetings, but is also open for lunch and dinner - although it has plenty of competition.

Ridding says his regular lunch venues of choice are Brindisa, a Spanish tapas restaurant at the southern tip of the market looking out on to Borough High Street, and El Pastor, a Mexican taco bar a few doors down, opened last year by a team including famous foodie brothers Sam and Eddie Hart.

If you're in the mood for Italian, Jonathan Ford, FT city editor, recommends Padella, "the pasta joint owned by Jordan Frieda, the son of hairdresser to the stars, John Frieda". You'll find it a few doors up from Brindisa, near the Bedale Street entrance.

"Forget the delights of the upmarket restaurants, my true taste of Borough Market has to be the £6 prawn wrap from Applebee's," says the FT's Robert Shrimsley.

In fact, this is one of a number of more rustic options, which includes cheese toasties at Kappacasein, chips and dip at Elliot's cafe and a wild Highland venison burger at the Furness Food Hut - not to be missed.

A bit of shopping

Whether you arrived first thing or in time for lunch, you will be full by now - time for some shopping.

Among the most famous shops in Borough Market's recent history is Neal's Yard Dairy, which is next door to Monmouth and well known not only for its huge variety of cheeses, but also its characteristic yogurt.

Out to stock up for dinners at home? Then the Londonist points you to Turnips, "one of the very best greengrocers in the capital", located right in the heart of the market, baker Bread Ahead in the northern enclave, and the acclaimed butcher the Ginger Pig on the western fringe.

There are a huge number of other stalls selling everything from fresh fish to beautiful bouquets of flowers, but a The Week favourite is the baklava stand to be found in the eastern wing of the market, under the railway line just down the steps from London Bridge, at weekends.

Into the night

The fun doesn't stop when the stalls close - the market's restaurants are all open for dinner, which is when Black and Blue, on the western side of the market, steps into the spotlight.

And if you to turn your day into a night out, you've come to the right place.

Among the many pubs in the area are the Market Porter, over the road from Black and Blue, which is well known for the Harvey's Sussex Best beer - El Pastor co-owner James Somerville's "all-time favourite pint".

A few doors down is the friendly Wheatsheaf, which boasts a funky beer garden and fantastic pub grub, while inside the market, under the railway line, lies The Globe, underneath Bridget Jones's flat in Bridget Jones's Diary.

Outside the market and off Borough High Street is Katzenjammer, a German bierhall of which one of The Week's team has fond memories of his stag do. It also features a traditional "oom-pah" band at weekends.

Finally, what about a visit over the road to the George Inn, set slightly back from the road on Borough High Street? Owned by the National Trust, but managed by the Greene King brewery, it dates back to the 17th century and is the last remaining galleried pub in London.

And if you end up here, you're in good company. Charles Dickens visited this pub and even referred to it in his book Little Dorrit, which is perhaps the best recommendation of all as the market begins writing the next chapter in its story.


~_~


Manchester United unveiled their 2017/18 home kit earlier this week, leaving us a full complement of first strips for the season ahead.

Some clubs, like Liverpool, Stoke City and Leicester City offered us a preview of their latest numbers at the tail end of last season.

Others waited a while in order to organise glamorous unveilings, with Tottenham Hotspur’s first Nike-made strip showcased during a gig by north London grime artist AJ Tracey.

Chelsea, the Premier League champions, will also be wearing Nike shirts this season after ending a decade-long partnership with Adidas.

The American sportswear giants have been criticised in recent years for rigidly sticking to specific templates, so have they switched things up this time around?

Take a look at the gallery above to see how we rated each of this season’ Premier League home kits out of 10.

Do you agree with our ratings? Let us know in the comments.


~_~





~_~


Gold is everywhere in Rangoon. The skyline is dominated by the gilded dome of the 100-metre-high Shwedagon Pagoda. Gold temple bells chime at every corner. Worshippers pay their respects by layering gold leaf on temple-dwelling Buddhas. Shops are filled with dangling chains and ornate baubles. Yet despite a goldsmithing tradition dating back more than 2,000 years, 98 per cent of gold jewellery sold in Rangoon (also known as Yangon) is machine-made.

Today gold in Burma is more about currency than craft. “Political and economic instability has transformed gold into the only reliable currency,” says Natalie Ortiz crafts programme manager at NGO Turquoise Mountain. “People buy gold as an investment and they’re unwilling to pay for craftsmanship.” As a result the market is flooded with cheap jewellery aping designs from nearby China and India. Handmade filigree, open-wire work and indigenous motifs have, in recent years, been nearly impossible to find.

When Turquoise Mountain was planning to work with Aung Sang Suu Kyi’s Suu Foundation to reinvigorate the Burmese craft industry and renovate the capital’s decaying heritage buildings, it was a slog to find traditional workers. In 2015, senior designer Hla Thaung and Pippa Small, a London jewellery designer, scoured Rangoon for skilled artisans but found nobody. They widened the net again and again. Eventually their search took them to turbulent Rakhine state, where, on Ramree Island, they encountered a goldsmithing community with a precarious future.

Shelling out: Burmese artisans use seashells to cast gold (Turquoise Mountain)

Ramree’s goldsmiths belong to a tradition of producing coins reaching back to the sixth century; by 17th century they were also outfitting the royals of the Arakan kingdom (which ruled the area that’s now Rakhine state). The two designers found the men still working as they have done for generations – using seashells to cast and paying homage to Buddhist iconography as well as local flora and fauna in their motifs.

But the rise of machine-made jewellery has recently been killing their community with young islanders forgoing apprenticeships in favour of farming, fishing or menial labour abroad. One, Aung Chay, was about to emigrate to Japan to work as a dishwasher when Pippa Small and Hla Thaung came calling. He’d once been tipped as one of Ramree’s most promising goldsmiths but was unable to make a living either on the island or in Rangoon. It was time, he’d decided, to admit defeat.

Turquoise Mountain asked Aung Chay to return to Rangoon to head its one-man-band goldsmith’s studio. His mission: to reinterpret traditional Burmese designs for a contemporary market, something the NGO had done successfully with a similar venture in Kabul. This collection, though, had something else going for it.

“Burmese gold is extremely rich in colour,” Small tells The Independent. “And the Burmese have used unique, ancient techniques uninterrupted for hundreds of years.” It was the shell casting and handworked fish-scale motifs that drew her to Rakhine State, she says.

The inaugural Pippa Small for Turquoise Mountain collection, sold at Small’s Notting Hill HQ last year, an instant hit. In February Aung Chay moved out of the tiny studio and into a handsome colonial shophouse on Shwe Taung Tan, in the heart of Rangoon’s gold market area. He wasn’t alone, either: eight goldsmiths work in the new space, where they have their own foundry as well as a little shop of their own.

“I knew I could continue my work with pride,” says Aung Chay.

Gold fingers: NGO Turquoise Mountain saved Aung Chay from emigrating to Japan

Next up for Aung Chay and his colleagues is a collaboration with individual mining families through a union in Mandalay province. Starting next month, the project will support two communities in upgrading their mining practices, including abandoning the traditional use of mercury to isolate gold from rock and debris.

Although Burma is known for the quality of its gold, explains Natalie Ortiz, most of the country’s reserves are located in areas where poverty is endemic. While gold panning remains a vital source of income for many in the countryside, mercury poisoning is linked to the deteriorating health of the Irrawaddy River, and pollution of the flood plains north of Mandalay.

Turquoise Mountain’s “artisanal gold” will be shipped straight to Aung Chay and his colleagues, in order to make Burma’s first fully ethically produced line of gold jewellery. Another project will work with a women’s group in Mogok – a Mandalay village famous for its gems – to source semi-precious stones responsibly. While Burma has large reserves of sapphires, rubies and jade, most of the mines are controlled by military or foreign investors. Land-grabbing, tax evasion and human-trafficking are commonplace.

Ring the changes: initiative is bringing fair trade to Burma's jewellery industry (Turquoise Mountain)

“We knew early on that we had to start our own workshop [in order to] maintain standards,” says Ortiz. Turquoise Mountain artisans enjoy a safe working environment and fair pay, while the organisation is committed to sourcing fairly, without exploiting communities or the environment. That also explains why the prices may be more than you'd expect – while rings start from £120, pendants start from £900 and earrings from £160; necklaces are from £610 with each link crafted by hand. It may not be cheap and cheerful, but it’s certainly ethical.

In the light-filled workshop on Shwe Taung Tan, the Ramree goldsmiths are busy. Aung Chay is fusing gold beads on to a pair of earrings. Nearby, his brother-in-law puts the final touches on a pair shaped like jasmine flowers. An apprentice cuts a sheet of gold into strips that will be woven into the shape of a fish – the same technique that first attracted Small’s attention.

Visitors drop in now and then to gasp at the skilled craftsmanship which, a year ago, was in danger of disappearing. “When we met Aung Chay he was on his way to Japan,” says Ortiz. “How unfortunate for Burmese goldsmithing if he had.”

Turquoise Mountain Artisan Goldsmith Workshop takes visitors by appointment at 26 Shwe Taung Tan, Lanmadaw, Rangoon. Call: 00 95 1 540 198; facebook.com/turquoisemountainmyanmar. Open 10am-4pm. Email: sandar[AT]turquoisemountain.com to book.


~_~


Skoda's Kodiaq is one of the most important cars of 2017. It's a new budget SUV from the Volkswagen group and shares the same production platform as the second-generation Tiguan, which launched last year.

Skoda will offer the Kodiaq as a five-seater as standard, although two extra seats can be specced at an additional cost. Price-wise, at £21,765, it's a bit of a bargain, undercutting many of its key rivals by some margin.

The car has launched with a line-up of five engines, available in either petrol or diesel forms. Entry-level models are front-wheel drive, with all-wheel drive options available further up the range. There are also five trim levels to give buyers plenty of options for customising their car.

The Kodiaq represents a brand-wide push into the SUV market by Skoda. It will soon be joined by the smaller Karoq, while a high-performance vRS version is also expected.

For now, though, here's everything you need to know about Skoda's budget SUV.

Design

In looks alone, the production version of the Kodiaq barely differs from the concept car Skoda revealed at the Geneva Motor Show last year.

Compared to the Yeti, which has now been replaced by the Karoq SUV, the Kodiaq is a much more angular and purposeful-looking machine. The car has thin lights that merge seamlessly into its grille, while sharp creases run down its flanks. The wheel arches are squared off and the roofline slopes downward for a sporty look.

Skoda has designed the Kodiaq with short overhangs at the front and rear of the car, suggesting the SUV will have some off-road potential when equipped with the optional four-wheel drive system. This adds to the car's stocky but capable-looking aesthetic.

The Kodiaq is 15ft long, over six feet wide and 5.5ft tall. With a wheelbase of nine feet, it's the longest version of the Volkswagen Group's MQB production platform in a European car to date, although this could be superseded by the VW Tiguan Allspace over the coming months.

Interior

The look and feel of the cabin closely matches the firm's large family saloon car – the Superb – though the dashboard is chunkier, the infotainment system is placed higher up and the vertical style air vents are new. The cabin is finished in partial leather trim.

While a 6.5ins (16.5cm) touchscreen with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto will come as standard, the real in-car tech highlights will be found on top-of-the-range models. They'll get an 8ins (20cm) screen as well as Infotainment Online, with real-time traffic updates for the satellite navigation system and wi-fi for phones, laptops and tablets.

A full list of optional extras and technologies has yet to be revealed, though a 360-degree camera system displaying the car's surroundings on the screen is available. This promises to make manoeuvring the Kodiaq in tight spaces a much easier task. Satellite navigation, a wireless charging box for smartphones, an electronic power-assisted tailgate and adaptive cruise control are other optional extras. An automatic emergency braking system is standard in all cars.

Practicality

The Kodiaq's long wheelbase should mean there's plenty of space inside. As standard, it's a five-seater with sliding and 60:40 split folding rear seats. An optional third row will take it to seven seats.

Five-seater models come with a cavernous 720 litres of boot space. Go for the seven-seat option and this is reduced to a still respectable 630 litres. Fold all of the rear seats down and the back opens up a 2,065-litre cargo bay.

Engines and drivetrain

There are five engines to choose from – two diesels and three petrols – as well as four wheel drive options and different gearboxes.

The diesels are both 2.0-litre units, one producing 148bhp and 251lb-ft of torque, the other slightly more powerful, with 187bhp and 295lb-ft.

Then there are two 1.4-litre petrol engines – a 123bhp option with 146lb- ft alongside a sprightlier 148bhp unit offering 148bhp and 184lb-ft. Above them sits a 2.0-litre with 177bhp and 236lb-ft.

The range-topping petrol and diesel options get a dual-clutch automatic gearbox and four-wheel drive by default, everything else is front-wheel drive as standard. The entry-level petrol car has a manual gearbox, while the rest of the range will be fitted with DSG – manual boxes can only be specced if you choose four-wheel drive.

Auto Express reports that the engine range is sure to increase over the coming months, as more powerful options become available. The magazine says that the 237bhp twin-turbo diesel power unit from the Volkswagen Passat will eventually find its way under the bonnet, though it could cost upwards of £40,000.

A hybrid powertrain could be on the cards too, though this version of the Kodiaq isn't expected to be on the market until 2019.

Efficiency and performance

Details here are still missing, but Skoda has given us a few hints on the new SUV's performance, as well as how efficient it is.

As expected, the cleanest model on sale will be the 148bhp diesel, which has a CO2 score of 131g/km. It'll cost £130 a year to tax when it launches.

If you'd prefer the slightly more powerful diesel engine with 187bhp, emissions will go up to 153g/km, representing a tax bill of £185. The car will perform better, however, and the 8.6 second 0-62mph time means it won't be sluggish.

At the top of the range, the 177bhp petrol is the quickest to 62mph, doing the dash in just 7.8 seconds. It'll be the most expensive to run and tax though, and the 171g/km CO2 emissions mean you'll pay £300 in tax for the first year the car is on the road.

Sportline and Scout

Skoda has announced two additions to the Kodiaq line-up, with sleeker Sportline and more rugged Scout models set to appear at the Geneva Motor Show next month.

The Sportline will feature several exterior styling tweaks, including model-specific body-coloured protective panelling and a gloss-black grille for a more premium feel.

Inside, the sporty theme continues with grippy Alcantara seats and aluminium covered pedals. A multifunctional steering wheel is included as standard, as are electronically adjustable wing mirrors and LED ambient lighting.

Buyers can choose between two diesel engines, available in 148bhp or 187bhp form, as well as a 148bhp and 178bhp petrol units.

The Scout, meanwhile, is a chunkier version of the Kodiaq SE, but only available with four-wheel drive.

Skoda has added several styling details inspired by modern off-roaders, such as silver front and rear bumpers that should offer drivers more protection in harsher conditions. There are also silver accents to the front grille, roof rails and wing mirrors.

Along with the all-wheel drive system come off-road assistance and a rough-road pack that protects the underbody. A selection of driving modes are also available as standard, allowing drivers to optimise the car for a variety of conditions.

Skoda will reveal more details about the Kodiaq Sportline and Scout at the Geneva show, which runs from 9 to 19 March. Prices have yet to be announced, but expect them to enter above the SE trim's £22,945 price tag.

Price and release

Pricing for the Kodiaq has now been confirmed and as expected, the SUV undercuts its key rivals by a fairly significant margin.

It’ll start from £21,495 for the most basic S-trim level, which comes with the 123bhp 1.4-litre petrol engine and a six-speed manual gearbox. Standard equipment includes LED daytime running lights, a touchscreen infotainment system with both DAB radio and Smartlink for smartphone integration, 17ins alloy wheels, keyless go, Front Assist emergency braking and a leather steering wheel.

If you want seven seats, you'll have to go up to SE trim, which starts from £22,945. The extra seats aren't standard – they're a £1,000 extra – but this trim level will offer the cheapest 4x4 Kodiaq, the 148bhp, 1.4-litre with a manual gearbox for £25,445, as well as the cheapest diesel option, for which pricing is yet to be confirmed. On SE cars, the larger eight-inch touchscreen comes as standard, as do 18ins alloy wheels, rear parking sensors, cruise control and dual-zone climate control.

SE L models come with seven seats as standard, plus sat nav, a powered tailgate, on-board Wi-Fi, Drive Mode Select, 19ins alloys, Alcantara upholstery and heated seats. Prices start at £28,525.

The Edition range-topper will be available at launch, with the likes of metallic paint, leather upholstery and a selection of driver assists as standard from £30,695.

If you're interested, you'll be able to spec your Kodiaq very soon – order books open next month and first deliveries take place in April 2017.

Rivals

The Kodiaq enters one of the most competitive markets in the car industry, with SUVs from the Kia Sorento to the Renault Koleos all offering lots of practicality for less than £30,000.

It sits on the same platform as the Volkswagen Tiguan, the company's mid-size crossover, which offers muscular styling and a high quality interior for £22,510. That's for a five-seater, making it smaller and more expensive than the entry-level Skoda.

However, VW is gearing up for the launch of a seven-seater model, expected to hit showrooms within the next couple of months. Autocar says prices will start at £26,000 - £2,000 more than the seven-seat Kodiaq.

Joining the market later this year is the Renault Koleos, the carmaker's flagship SUV. It will only be available with five seats, but it does come with a well-equipped cabin and 458 litres of boot space. It's one of the Kodiaq's more expensive competitors, with prices starting at £27,500.

The Kia Sorento has traditionally been the go-to budget SUVs and is available with seven seats, like the Kodiaq. However, at £28,794, it's significantly more expensive.

Kodiaq vRS

A sportier version of the car, the Kodiaq vRS, is on the cards, reports Evo.

Head of research and development Christian Strube told the magazine the new model will be powered by the turbocharged 2.0-litre four-cylinder diesel engine from the Volkswagen Tiguan.

This would suggest a power output of around 237bhp and 369lb-ft torque, says Evo, which would send the SUV from zero to 62mph "in 6.5secs", making it the quickest Skoda in the range.

Strube also said plans for other vRS-badged cars were on hold as it was difficult to justify giving the treatment to other models due to tightening CO2 emissions and the hike in fuel prices.

Considering the already substantial popularity of the Kodiaq, a vRS version could be "a strong seller" thanks to its blend of performance and value, said Evo.

There are also plans for plug-in hybrids and electric models in the Skoda line-up, the mag continues, although this has not yet been confirmed for the Kodiaq.

Reviews

A “game-changing” car that lives up to the high expectations established by the suitably-named Skoda Superb, the Kodiaq is “exceptionally comfortable and roomy for seven and offers excellent value for money”, says Auto Express.

The Kodiaq is also an involving driving experience considering its size. "There’s still a pleasant degree of driver involvement," it says. "There's plenty of grip, the steering is well weighted and accurate, and the six-speed manual box is crisp."

Car Buyer says that "boot space is tight but usable with all seven seats raised and simply cavernous when the third row is folded."

The site also praised the Kodiaq's interior quality, adding that it "is so well made, in fact, that if there's ever been a car to move a manufacturer up a grade in terms of brand perception, this is Skoda's model".

Autocar recommends the mid-range model over the more powerful diesel engine, saying that it "moves the car along briskly enough for most of the people most of the time and is the more refined of the two units".

Although the Kodiaq’s price point puts it in direct competition with the likes of the Kia Sorento and Mitsubishi Outlander, the magazine says, it would "give the Kodiaq the nod over all of its rivals".

Skoda has announced a sleeker version of its critically acclaimed Kodiaq seven-seat SUV, bringing with it range-specific exterior styling tweaks and a more premium interior.

Road surface and engine noise is "well controlled" on petrol models, says the Daily Telegraph, while diesel units are "equal among [the Kodiaq's] VW Group peers" and can produce a "noticeable rattle when started".

The paper also says the car has "excellent seats" and a driving position that can be easily adjusted, offering drivers a great view of the road ahead and adding to the car's "credentials in the comfort department".

However, What Car? warns that while the low starting price "looks very tempting indeed", buyers will need to pay "thousands of pounds more" to get the more powerful 148bhp 2.0-litre diesel engine and seven seats.

Nevertheless, this model "still undercuts equivalent versions of rivals like the Kia Sorento" and resale values are expected to exceed its main competitors. The Kodiaq is also more economical than the Kia and emits less CO2.

It also advises anyone looking for a company car to consider smaller SUVs such as the Nissan Qashqai and Seat Ateca, saying these are considerably cheaper to run than the Kodiaq.


~_~


Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.


~_~


Another year, another major vote that will shape our future both politically and financially. At this rate, we’ll be writing about why it’s a great idea to invest in the company that makes those tiny pencils in the voting booths.

But this election, perhaps more so than any other recent general election, will have a real and powerful impact on the daily finances of every household in the country. It will directly affect you and the money in your pocket.

So we’ve taken a look at the pledges in the party manifestos and how they might impact your spending power and financial security. Here’s everything you need to go into that little cubicle with the facts, not the spin.

Conservatives

The Tories said they would scrap the triple-lock on the state pension from 2020, replacing it instead with a double-lock that sees the payment keep pace with earnings or inflation. However, if those remain stagnant the state pension will no longer rise each year regardless

They would raise the threshold for paying for social care from £23,000 to £100,000. However, under this policy, the person’s home would also be included in their calculation of assets for home care as well as residential care. Although it is (arguably) not included in the manifesto, Theresa May recently said they would consult on a cap on care costs

No more free school lunches for primary school children aged up to seven, although some children would benefit from free “breakfast clubs” instead

The Conservatives would means test for the winter fuel allowance, ending the £300 handout for richer pensioners

The personal tax allowance would rise to £12,500 by 2020, while the higher rate threshold would move up to £50,000

Crack down on “exaggerated” or fraudulent whiplash claims in order to reduce insurance costs

The Conservatives pledge to raise the National Living Wage to 60 per cent of earnings by 2020

They would make it easier to switch energy providers and have promised to introduce a fixed cap on energy tariffs, which would be regularly reviewed by Ofgem

A future Conservative government would “simplify” the tax system

Labour

People earning more than £80,000 a year would face an income tax hike to 45p, while there will be a new 50 per cent rate on earnings above £123,000

Labour pledge there would be no hike to VAT or National Insurance contributions during the next parliament

They promise to scrap student tuition fees

More free childcare would be rolled out, including 30 free hours to parents of three- and four-year-olds. There could also be some help for younger children’s childcare costs

Maternity pay would be extended to 12 months, while paid paternity leave would double to four weeks

Labour says it would guarantee the triple lock on the state pension

They would hike the minimum wage to the level of the living wage by 2020. It’s predicted that would be about £10 an hour at least

The party would take an axe to the Conservative’s current axe-wielding, by scrapping benefits sanctions, ditching the bedroom tax, reinstating housing benefit for 18- to 20-year-olds and reforming Universal Credit

Under a Labour government, renters would benefit from three-year tenancies and capped rent rises

Labour would scrap the married person’s tax allowance, where married couples only can save up to £230 a year if one of them has an income of £11,500 or under

They would reverse cuts to bereavement benefits

Parents paying school fees would have to pay VAT, with the money going to fund free school lunches for all primary school pupils

Liberal Democrats

The Lib Dems would add a 1p in the pound hike on income tax in order to funnel £6bn more into the NHS and social care

They would reinstate university maintenance grants for poorer students

Like Labour, they would roll out 15 hours of free childcare to two-year-olds

They would add an extra month’s paid paternity leave to fathers’ entitlements

A Liberal Democrat government would Introduce a higher council tax on second homes, potentially as high as 200 per cent

They would reverse cuts to universal credit and reintroduce housing benefit for 18 to 21 year olds

Carers would be able to earn £150 a week instead of £110 without losing their Carer’s Allowance

A Lib Dem government would maintain the state pension triple lock, meaning it would rise each year even if wages and inflation were stagnant

They would raise the inheritance tax threshold

The so-called bedroom tax would be reversed

Working age benefits would once again rise in line with inflation

They would introduce a “rent to buy” scheme, where rent payments would contribute towards eventually owning a share in the property

Abandon the two-child policy on benefits and scrap the infamous “rape clause”

SNP

The Scottish National Party is committed to preserving the current state pension triple lock, which would ensure pension values rise by the level of inflation, earnings, or 2.5 per cent – whichever is greater.

The party would halt plans to increase the state pension age past 66 years

Women affected by significant changes in state pension age over their working lives would be offered support

Increase income tax from 45p to 50p for earners of £150,000 or more and freeze VAT and National insurance contributions

Increase the minimum wage to the Living Wage

Preserve the Winter Fuel Allowance and extend it to those with severely disabled children

Scrap the bedroom tax

Abolish the two-child cap on tax credits

Plaid Cymru

A key premise of the manifesto is that the party will demand the money promised to Wales by the Leave campaign in a post-Brexit landscape and refuse to take a penny less

Open a publicly owned bank

Take steps to stop fuel costs from rising

Work to provide a Living Pension

Work to prevent the raising of the state pension age

Demand the triple lock on pensions remain in place

The Greens

Going a step further than Labour’s promise of a few extra bank holidays, the Greens are promising to phase in a four-day working week

They would scrap tuition fees entirely

A “wealth tax” would be introduced that targeted the top 1 per cent of UK earners

They promise a Green government would create a network of local people’s banks

A “Robin Hood” tax would be introduced, but only on transactions deemed high value

The Greens would transform inheritance tax so that it was determined by the wealth of the recipient and not the size of the estate

They would look at rolling out a universal basic income

The cap on National Insurance would be abolished, meaning the wealthiest would pay more

A Green government would raise the national minimum wage to the living wage level for all workers, regardless of their age

Both health and dental services would be transformed to ensure both were free at point of use

They would cut VAT on women’s sanitary products and provide them free of charge to the poorest

Housing benefit would be reintroduced for the under-21s, while rent controls would be created and enforced

Ukip

An extra £2bn every year to fund social care

An end to bedroom tax

Move towards abolishing inheritance tax but in the medium term raise the threshold to £500,000 or £1m for married and civil-partnered couples

A rise in the tax-free allowance to £13,500

Maintain the triple lock on pensions

A reduction in VAT on household bills

An end to tuition fees for certain degrees (science, medicine, technology, maths and engineering)

Freeze insurance premium tax

No National Insurance hikes for the self-employed

The Women’s Equality Party

Invest in universal childcare so that all parents can have access to free care once parental leave is over

Introduce a right to between five and 10 days of paid care leave from work

Take steps to improve company reporting on their gender pay gap

Provide all couples with nine months of parental leave at 90 per cent of pay – three months per parent, three months to split however they prefer

Provide self-employed parents with the same parental leave entitlements

Ensure that by 2020 at least 40 per cent of board and executive committee positions are held by women

Looking for credit card or current account deals? Search here


~_~


The former office building will be turned into 82 one- to five-bedroom apartments averaging £3.2m each

Work has begun to convert London’s landmark Centre Point building into luxury flats.

The former office building has been a focal point on the skyline for five decades, and at various times a symbol of the property industry’s failings and of protest against the capital’s lack of affordable housing. Now it will be turned into 82 one- to five- bedroom apartments boasting pool, spa and fitness facilities, as well as views over the west end.

Nearby, three-bedroom flats are being marketed at an average of £3.2m. A block of 13 affordable homes will be built next door as part of the project.

Centre Point, which stands at the cross-section of Tottenham Court Road and Oxford Street, attracted controversy when it was first built by property tycoon Harry Hyams in 1966. It stood empty as he tried unsuccessfully to find a single tenant willing to pay the money take it on, and squatters moved in briefly to demonstrate against its residential areas remaining empty when London was in the grip of a housing crisis. Eventually let, it changed hands several times before being bought by current owners Almacantar 2011.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest 30th December 1973: Protesting squatters occupy the Centrepoint building. Photograph: Stroud/Getty Images

The developers have taken on Rick Mather Architects and Conran and Partners to design the project, who, it said would “revive its sixties design appeal alongside cutting edge design and technology”. The project, which will include a new public square and 41,780 square feet of retail space, is next to Tottenham Court Road station which will eventually be served by the new Crossrail links.

Kathrin Hersel, development director, Almacantar, said the work would “turn Centre Point into a destination Londoners can be proud of”. She added: “The project will breathe new life into this landmark, giving it a sustainable and exciting future for the benefit of all Londoners and visitors to the capital.”

Work on Centre Point is expected to finish in the summer of 2017.

The development may be attractive to overseas buyers who are keen to invest in London property. Recent figures from the Department of Business showed in some parts of London a fifth of properties were owned by foreign buyers and in one development in Thameside it emerged 80% of homes had been snapped up by purchasers from overseas.


~_~


Serena Williams is tired of being asked if she considers herself the greatest athlete of our time.

The four-time Olympic gold medalist and five-time WTA champion answered the question decisively in a recent interview with Vanity Fair: “If I were a man, then it wouldn’t be any sort of question,” she said.

Ms Williams – who also holds the record for most Grand Slam titles in singles, doubles, and mixed doubles combined – has previously corrected reporters who asked if she is “one of the greatest female athletes of all time".

“I prefer the words ‘one of the greatest athletes of all time," she said at a post-Wimbledon press conference.

These days, the tennis champ is taking a break from the court, preparing for the birth of her first child.

She learned she was pregnant just one week before the Australian Open in January.

“If you would have told me last year in October or November that I would have a baby, not be pregnant but have a baby, I would have thought you were the biggest liar in the world,” she told Vanity Fair.

She added: “This is kind of how I am right now. This is happening sooner than later, and it’s going by so fast.”

Venus and Serena Williams vs the world: The inside story on the making of two titans of tennis





3 show all Venus and Serena Williams vs the world: The inside story on the making of two titans of tennis



1/3 Venus and Serena celebrate winning gold in the London 2012 Olympic Games women's doubles AFP/Getty Images

2/3 Serena and Venus in 1996, at the start of their extraordinary careers Rex Features

3/3 Serena and Venus posing with their mother, and coach, Oracene in Florida in 1999 Getty Images

But Ms Williams nine-month hiatus hasn’t shielded her from the incessant debate over where she would rank on a hypothetical list of “greatest athletes of our time”.

In a recent interview with NPR, former tennis great John McEnroe claimed Ms Williams would be ranked “like, 700 in the world” if she played in the men’s circuit. (He estimated that he would rank 1,200th.)

“That doesn't mean I don't think Serena is an incredible player,” he said. “I do … But if she had to just play the circuit — the men's circuit — that would be an entirely different story.”

Ms Williams, who has been ranked No 1 in the world by the WTA on eight separate occasions, fired back on Twitter.

V.F. cover star @SerenaWilliams—world’s best athlete (plus, mom and wife-to-be)—still has her eyes on the prize https://t.co/kvYTrrcPdW pic.twitter.com/zTq6ZGYb4k — VANITY FAIR (@VanityFair) June 27, 2017

“Dear John, I adore and respect you but please please keep me out of your statements that are not factually based,” she wrote.

In a follow-up tweet, she added: “I've never played anyone ranked ‘there’ nor do I have time. Respect me and my privacy as I'm trying to have a baby. Good day sir.”

Mr McEnroe declined to apologise during recent appearance on CBS’ “This Morning,” and suggested Ms Williams settle the debate by playing against men.

Whether Ms Williams will take him up on the challenge has yet to be seen. As she told Vanity Fair: “I don’t think my story is over yet.”


~_~


University “safe space” policies are leaving academics afraid to speak their minds for fear of losing their jobs, a professor has claimed.

Dennis Hayes, professor of education at Derby University, suggested there is a “climate of censorious quietude” in universities that means important issues are simply not discussed.

His comments came as universities minister Jo Johnson warned that higher education institutions have a legal duty to ensure freedom of speech.

He said he had written to university bosses out of concern that this duty is being put at risk by policies of “safe spaces and no-platforming”.

The policies – typically put in place by student unions in a bid to protect students from discrimination and language they may find offensive – have led to fraught debate in recent months.

A number of high profile speakers, including feminist writer Germaine Greer and human rights activists Peter Tatchell and Maryam Namazie, have been asked not to appear at events held by some institutions for fear their opinions may be upsetting to some students.

Campaigners say the policies are increasingly impacting on the right to free speech – something they argue is vital within higher education.

During a debate on free speech on campus at a higher education conference held at Buckingham University, Mr Hayes, who is also director of Academics for Academic Freedom (AFAF) said: “There’s so many things that could be discussed, that you dare not say.

“So when you go to university now, you learn what not to say.”

QS World University Rankings: top 10 UK institutions







10 show all QS World University Rankings: top 10 UK institutions

















1/10 Cambridge University Flickr (Mihnea Maftei)

2/10 Oxford University Picture: Getty

3/10 University College London University College London (Getty Images)

4/10 Imperial College, London Imperial College, London Flickr/Andrew Crump

5/10 Kings College London Kings College London Getty Images/iStockphoto

6/10 Edinburgh University Edinburgh University expects staff to report to their department whenever they leave the office Getty

7/10 Manchester University Manchester University Rex

8/10 London School of Economics London School of Economics Rex

9/10 University of Bristol University of Bristol Ben Birchall/PA Wire

10/10 Warwick University Flickr/Nicholas Smale

Mr Hayes suggested there is a belief that someone cannot discuss certain topics, such as abortion, LGBT rights or racism, unless they have direct experience of them, adding that discussing this type of issue “can get you in serious trouble, if not the sack, but you get sent to Coventry”.

“No-one will talk to you.”

“What exists is a climate of censorious quietude in universities. Things are simply not discussed. Academics and students know what they should not discuss.”

Earlier, Mr Johnson told industry leaders at the conference: “Freedom of speech is a core legal duty for universities.

“For a very long time there’s been an obligation on institutions to ensure there is genuinely a climate in which ideas can be challenged and debates can be genuinely entered into.”

He said he had written to Universities UK “out of concern that this duty that universities have was at risk from safe spaces and no-platforming”.

He said he wanted to remind them that one of their purposes is to create an environment in which people can discuss and challenge ideas.

A report earlier this year by Spiked magazine and the Joseph Rowntree Reform Trust suggested campus censorship has been increasing steadily over the past three years, with a growing number of institutions actively clamping down on ideas deemed not in keeping with campus values.

The Free Speech University Rankings (FSUR), drawn from examining the policies and bans of 115 universities and student unions, found almost two-thirds (63.5 per cent) were “severely” restrictive of free speech, with Russell Group institutions found to be significantly more censorious than average.

The NUS official “no-platform” list contains six groups including the British National Party and Al-Muhajiroun, a banned Islamic network in the UK.

Individual unions and student groups can, however, decide on their own policies and reject people on an individual basis. Current NUS guidelines ask student unions to “balance freedom of speech and freedom from harm”.


~_~





~_~


Goodwood’s annual Festival of Speed takes place this weekend and amongst the famous hill climb and manufacturer’s exhibitions is Bonham’s Collectors' Motor Cars auction.

Featuring vehicles owned, or previously owned, by famous car collectors, this year’s sale is also offering a range of vehicles that boast celebrity connections.

Decked out with black bodywork, black interior and blackened chrome, a Porsche 930 Turbo specially ordered by Peter Sellers is going on sale at with an estimate of £60,000 – £80,000.

Sellers was a well-known car enthusiast and at one time owned both an Aston Martin DB4GT and a Ferrari 500 Superfast.

Specially ordered equipment requested by Peter Sellers included “optional sports seats, rubber buffers on bumper horns, headlamp rings coloured, climate control, and a sunroof” but it’s the all-black finish that makes this car really distinctive.​

A Ferrari F40 previously owned by Pink Floyd guitairist David Gilmour is also up for sale with an estimate of £304,500.

Built to celebrate 40 years of Ferrari, the F40 is one of the best known models in the marque and is popular amongst collectors. Bought new by Gilmour in 1988, another F40 was purchased in the same year by fellow band member and Ferrari enthusiast, Nick Mason.

An engine fire resulted in a restoration by a later owner and Bonhams believes around £350,000 has been spent on the car over its lifetime.

Elton John’s Bentley Continental Convertible is expected to fetch between £90,000 and £120,000, representing a considerable increase on the £70,955 it was sold for in 2015.

Bought new in 1985, Bonhams notes: “It featured prominently in the video for Elton John's hit single of that same year, 'Nikita', where he is seen being driven in icy conditions and admiring a Russian soldier of that name. Subsequently the registration was changed to the personalised 'B20 ELT', which is extant today.”

Also on sale are ten rare Porsches, including a 1957 356A Carrera Speedster GS/GT that is expected to fetch one of the highest sales this year, with an estimate of £900,000 to £1,000,000.

Search for used cars


~_~


You’re a big UFC fan. Coming from a pure boxing background, what made you gravitate toward MMA in terms of appreciating the sport and its warriors?

I’ve always enjoyed it from the K1 days. I’ve always watched it from when the likes of Mark Kerr, Mark Coleman and in the UFC when Tank Abbot, Ken Shamrock and Royce Gracie were fighting. So I’ve always been a fan really. It’s something that interests me.

A lot of people feel Conor McGregor does not have a chance against Floyd Mayweather. Do you feel he should be sparring with several world champion boxers to test the waters?

He already sparred with a couple of Irish top level amateurs. The fact of the matter is, he’s not a boxer. You can’t learn our sport overnight. The two sports are only similar in one way, and that is they’re both combat sports, and the ultimate goal is to leave your opponent unconscious. That is the only comparison between MMA and boxing.

Mayweather vs McGregor: From trash-talk to super-fight







18 show all Mayweather vs McGregor: From trash-talk to super-fight

































1/18 From trash-talk to super-fight Just how did an appearance on late-night show Conan and a rumbling Twitter feud turn into the biggest fight the sport of boxing has ever known.



Here, we tell the story of how the trash-talk turned into a super-fight. Getty Images

2/18 McGregor appears on Conan “If you’re asking would I like to fight Floyd Mayweather, I mean, who would not like to dance around the ring for $180m?” McGregor replied to a playful question from late-night host Conan O’Brien, in July 2015, on whether he would ever be tempted into switching sports.



“I would certainly box him if the opportunity arose,” he smiled.



“Most certainly.”

3/18 Mayweather's observation Mayweather then rekindled the speculation, that December. In an interview with FightHype on the worldwide adulation McGregor had received for knocking out Aldo in just 13 seconds, the American complained that he would never receive such acclaim from the public because of the colour of his skin.



“They say he talk a lot of trash and people praise him for it, but when I did it, they say I’m cocky and arrogant,” Mayweather observed.



“So biased! Like I said before, all I'm saying is this, I ain't racist at all, but I'm telling you racism still exists.” Getty Images

4/18 "I am an Irishman" This time, it didn’t take the other man the best part of half a year to respond. “Don’t ever bring my race into my success again,” McGregor commented in a long Instagram post, the very next day.



“I am an Irishman. My people have been oppressed our entire existence. And still very much are. I understand the feeling of prejudice. It is a feeling that is deep in my blood … If you want we can organise a fight no problem. I will give you a fair 80/20 split purse in my favour seen as your last fight bombed at every area of revenue.”



A feud was born.

5/18 McGregor 'retires' As interest in a fight with Mayweather began to increase, McGregor threatened to retire not just from MMA, but from sport altogether.



UFC president Dana White announced that the promotion has pulled McGregor from the main event at UFC 200, because of his refusal to participate in mandatory media duties. McGregor's response?



"I have decided to retire young. Thanks for the cheese. Catch ya's later."

6/18 Scoop Things came to a boil in May 2016. British tabloid The Sun reported that the two men were “on the verge” of agreeing to a deal, with an unnamed source telling the paper that “Floyd is obsessed with making Conor eat his words”.



The story attracted so much attention that Dana White, the president of the UFC, felt compelled to finally address the situation. He laughed off suggestions the super-fight would ever take place, instead pointing out that McGregor was contracted to the UFC, and would thus be in breach of contract should he attempt to organise a fight himself away from the confines of the Octagon. AFP/Getty Images

7/18 Battle of the photoshopped posters White's comments appeared to spur both men into action. First McGregor tweeted a mocked up fight poster with the caption 'MMA vs Boxing'... Getty Images

8/18 Battle of the photoshopped posters ... before Mayweather responded with an effort of his own (it wasn't quite as good).



Mayweather insisted began to insist a fight was “possible”. Then he told a journalist that he was a retired man and would only countenance returning to professional sport in order to fight McGregor. And then he pressed the nuclear button, offering the Irishman just $50m to fight him in what people were already describing as a billion-dollar bout. Getty Images

9/18 Leonard Ellerbe puts his foot down Hold the hype. Just as things were beginning to heat up, Mayweather’s promotions head, Leonard Ellerbe, poured cold water on the prospective fight, insisting it was “a calculated effort by McGregor to gain more fans”. Getty Images

10/18 Mac gets personal In an attempt to get discussions back on track, McGregor got personal.



"Call me CJ Watson!" he tweet, with a cartoon of him standing triumphantly above a knocked out Mayweather.



The caption was explosive: Mayweather was sent to prison in 2010 for the assault of his then-girlfriend. He was reportedly angry about text messages she had received from NBA star CJ Watson. Getty Images

11/18 White rebuffed At this point in the saga the president of the UFC, Dana White, reenters the fray.



Having previously insisted that the fight was a non-starter, he suddenly proposed a deal: $25m for each fighter, with the complicated PPV splits to be patiently worked out at a later date.



"He's a f***ing comedian," Mayweather replied. Getty Images

12/18 In February 2017... ... McGregor arrived in Las Vegas, to much excitement.



Mayweather tweeted the following. Getty Images

13/18 Conor's response McGregor's response to Mayweather's short statement was brutal and to the point.



"I am in Las Vegas. Floyd has retired on my arrival," he observed.

14/18 Conan's back! Without Conan O'Brien the biggest fight in the history of boxing would still be a daydream.



In March he invited Dana White onto his show, who said the following.



“I do think it’s gonna happen. I think it’s going to be a tough deal because obviously [there are] a lot of egos involved in this deal and a lot of people, so that always makes it tougher.



"On the flip side, there’s so much money involved. I just don’t see how it doesn’t happen.”

15/18 Conor and Conlan McGrgor was in New York to support Belfast boxer Michael Conlan in his professional debut against Tim Ibarra in March.



But the spotlight quickly sought him out. He reminded everyone that an announcement was imminent by shouting furiously into the face of ESPN boxing reporter Dan Rafael: "I AM BOXING!" Getty Images

16/18 Fine downgraded On March 22, an outstanding fine McGregor had with the Nevada Athletic Commission was downgraded, paving the way for the Irishman to obtain his necessary boxing license. Getty Images

17/18 McGregor confirms On Wednesday 14 June, the fight was finally confirmed by both men.



“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor posted on Twitter, along with a mocking picture of himself side-by-side with Floyd Mayweather Snr.

18/18 Mayweather confirms “It’s official!" replied Mayweather on Instagram, along with a short promotional video confirming the involvement of Showtime. Getty Images

It’s basically like football and rugby; in both sports they play with a ball, but they’re totally two different sports. You cannot come into our sport and compete with the best. I mean, I’ve seen people saying if Conor McGregor catches Floyd Mayweather clean he could knock him out. So, basically are you trying to tell me Conor McGregor hits harder than a prime Miguel Cotto, Ricky Hatton, Manny Paquiao, Oscar De La Hoya, Shane Mosley? The list is endless.

Are you trying to tell me that Conor can hit harder than all those guys with ten ounce gloves on? Absolutely not! If this was in a cage this would be over in 30 seconds, but it’s in a boxing ring. You cannot learn what we do in a space of couple of months.

If McGregor does triumph, would this have an indelible impact on the sport of boxing?

It would be the biggest miracle in all of the sports. It will be the biggest shock in sports history ever. I’m talking about all and any sports ever created by mankind. That’s the kind of outside odds I have on Conor. I couldn’t even fathom how it would affect boxing. It would actually make a mockery out of boxing. If Floyd Mayweather loses, boxing is at stake here.

When the wrestler Antonio Inoki fought Muhammad Ali in the first ever major MMA bout, Inoki lay there in the ring kicking and bruising Ali’s legs. I guess it was staged. There’s no way I could compete with a wrestler, but if I hit the wrestler ‘boom!’ at any stage, even with a light punch, he’s going to sleep. But at the same time that wrestler is going to rip my arm socket out. Muhammad Ali’s MMA fight was a bit of a farce, but he got well paid, so good on him.

Mayweather v McGregor : Tale of the tape

McGregor has become the face of the UFC. He has carried the sport on his own and he’s done it. He’s in demand in the UFC. He’s a one off. You’d be lucky if you got someone else again that talks the way he does and to back it up like he does, so it can’t be all hype because he delivers too, but we will see on the day.

Amir Khan had challenged McGregor to a MMA bout last year. How would have Khan done had McGregor stepped in the boxing ring with the former world champ?

Like I said, you can’t learn boxing overnight. It’s ridiculous to even suggest it. The outcome would be exactly the same. Don’t get me wrong, Amir Khan is a lot more vulnerable than Mayweather, but when Amir will hit McGregor he wouldn’t even see the punches coming. I’ve trained with Amir Khan and I can tell you that he’s the fastest thing I’ve ever trained alongside. He’s that quick. Believe me when I say I’ve trained with some quick fighters in my time, he’s is by far the quickest I have ever seen up close and personal. I’ve travelled to places with him and trained with him when we were amateurs.

Would you ever consider a MMA bout if you took a year or so out of boxing?

Yes, I would consider fighting in MMA. I would train in submission wrestling and get ready for it. As long as the money makes sense, I will do it.

You’ve met and have been around Mayweather, how do you perceive him personally?

He’s exactly how he seems on TV. I don’t want to say ‘arrogant’ but it’s all about him, and everything he talks about comes down to money. So, as much as I admire him, there’s a saying ‘never meet your idols because they’ll always disappoint you’. And it was very true with this one.

The movie Creed was a hit. Have you recently considered making big money on the big screen in Hollywood instead of slugging it out in a brutal and bloody sport that you’ve dedicated your life to?

To be honest, it’s a possibility. I’ve been offered a couple of roles since then. I still stay in touch with Ryan Kruger, the director of Creed, and with Michael B Jordan from the movie who is a good friend of mine. So I won’t rule it out, I’ll tell you that much, but at the moment I’m a professional fighter and that’s my job, that’s what I do for a living, that’s how I earn for my children. I’m a fighter first and foremost. The acting is a possibility.

I enjoyed working with Stallone and it was a fantastic opportunity to be part of it. It was a fantastic experience working on Creed, one that will stay with me forever. I enjoyed everything about it, day to day grind. One thing I will say: it’s a lot more work than people believe. 12 hour days, every single day you work on set is 12 hours and some days can be 14 hours, some can be 16 hours. So it’s very demanding, you’ve always got to be on top of your game and turn up ready to work.

Your next big duel?

I leave it with Eddie Hearn. He’s made the right moves the right my career so far. He’s a good person, a friend of mine, someone I trust. I understand what I need to do in this business and trusting a promoter is very hard, but I do trust Eddie Hearn, so we’re doing well together and may it continue that way.

Would you make yourself available to help McGregor prepare for his historic bout if the opportunity is on the table, what’s your direct message to the Notorious?

My message to Conor McGregor is: ‘Well done. You’ve just earned yourself in the region of $100 million dollars. Good on you. May the best man win.’

Of course I would help him out. I really like Conor. I’m actually a Conor McGregor fan, so why not? I don’t think he’s going to need someone the size of me. I’m 6 ft 3 and I weigh 16 and half stones and I hit like a truck - completely opposite to Mayweather. So he’s not going to need me. However, if he needs me I’m happy to help him prepare for this fight and spar.


~_~


Jamie Murray will hook up with doubles queen Martina Hingis as he looks to win his second Wimbledon crown in this year's mixed doubles.

Murray won at the All England club with Jelena Jankovic back in 2007 but has now teamed up with the 36-year-old Swiss, who boasts 12 grand slam doubles titles, including three at Wimbledon.

Murray is number five in the men's doubles rankings while Hingis is third in the women's. The pair have been made top seeds at SW19 and receive a bye into the second round.

Former singles champions Martina Hingis (shown here in 1997) boasts 12 doubles titles at grand slams (Colorsport / Andrew Cowie)



In teaming up with Murray, Hingis ends a hugely successful pairing with Indian Leander Paes which brought four grand slam titles, including the 2015 Wimbledon crown.

They last played together at the French Open but were first-round losers.

Murray is entering the mixed doubles for the first time since the 2016 French Open.

Last year's champions Heather Watson and Henri Kontinen are defending their crown and will play Nenad Zimonjic and Victoria Azarenka in the first round.


~_~


UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.


~_~


The Obama administration told the Supreme Court two years ago that without a requirement to buy insurance, the uninsured will wait to insure until they get sick. But guess what? Almost none of the uninsured are affected by the mandate any way.

That’s the conclusion of a new analysis by the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation, reported in the Wall Street Journal. According to the estimate, 90% of the uninsured in 2016 will be exempt from the mandate. Only 4 million people are expected to pay a fine for being uninsured that year.

The latest estimate is a substantial revision of the estimate the CBO made when the law was originally passed. In 2010, the agency estimated that about two-thirds of the uninsured would be exempt. Why the substantial increase in the latest report? It appears that the Obama administration has become increasingly liberal in its willingness to let people escape because of “hardships.”

Certain exemptions are written into the law itself. For example, the mandate doesn’t apply to American Indians, to people who have religious objections or to people who earn too little to be required to file an income tax return.

But the administration has piled on with 14 ways people can avoid the fine based on hardships. These include homelessness, domestic violence, being evicted from a residence, having a utility cut off, property damage from a fire or flood, and even a canceled insurance plan. Also, people can avoid the penalty if a close family member has died recently or if they have medical expenses resulting in substantial debt.

People can even claim an exemption if they experienced “hardship obtaining health insurance” (couldn’t negotiate HealthCare.gov). Although the government is asking for documentation to back up that claim, it doesn't require it.

So if the mandate affects very few of the uninsured, who does it affect? People who are insured.

Up to 80% of the people who had individual insurance last year will lose their coverage by the time all the ObamaCare rules completely set in. Up to 90% of the plans that cover people at work will lose their grandfathered status. In many of these cases, people are being forced to buy richer and more expensive plans – with more coverage than they want or need. In other cases, they may lose insurance altogether.

Early reports are that the trend of small business to dump their health plans and move employees onto the exchanges is occurring faster than was expected.


~_~


Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs


~_~


"Monkmania has Twitter buzzing," says The Guardian. Canadian economics student Eric Monkman has proven to be the breakout star of this year's series of University Challenge, thanks to his idiosyncratic facial expressions, intensely earnest demeanour and apparent lack of indoor voice.

Tonight, Monkman's Wolfson College, Cambridge, will take on Balliol College, Oxford, in the final of the venerable BBC quiz show. Already the internet is taking sides.

The student's appearances on the show have been accompanied by floods of tweets from admirers, who have coined the hashtag #Monkmania.

"People really seemed to have responded to my appearance in a way I didn't expect, which was a huge surprise for me," the postgraduate student told Cambridge News.

Of his trademark teeth-clenched expression, he said: "Even though I am maybe looking angry, I am just really trying to focus on the next question."

Tom Eames at Digital Spy attributes the popularity of the show's more eccentric contestants to the recent cultural enthusiasm for "geek-chic".

"In the last few years, everyone loves calling themselves a geek or a nerd, even though in the real world they might not be," he told the BBC. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-39482317]

Monkman is not the first University Challenge contestant to attract attention online. Here are a few of the show's other memorable characters:

Gail Trimble

@UnichallengeF

2. Gail Trimble

Studied Classics at CC Oxford. 'Human Google.' Apparently can sing opera too. Multi-talented af. pic.twitter.com/5ydn8224vs — Uni Challenge Faces (@UnichallengeF) March 8, 2017

The first University Challenge contestant to become a viral sensation was Gail Trimble, a postgraduate student at Corpus Christi who appeared on the show in 2009.

From botany to literature, nothing seemed to stump the well-rounded classicist. Trimble was responsible for 825 of her team's total 1,235 points, leading The Observer to wonder if she was the show's "cleverest contestant ever".

With Trimble at the helm, Corpus Christi easily rode to victory in the final – but their triumph was short-lived, as the team was disqualified when it emerged that one member had completed his studies before appearing on the show.

Ted Loveday

@Darran_narraD I hope it makes you as happy as ted loveday pic.twitter.com/rdGIi7BAxs — Lauren Steele (@LaurenSteele19) February 9, 2016

University Challenge's most impressive contestants may often appear aloof and intense, but the same cannot be said of Ted Loveday.

Viewers took the Cambridge Law student to their hearts not so much for his lightning-fast answers as for his unabashed excitement and eye-catching cable-knit jumper, borrowed from his dad.

Ever humble, he attributed his stunning performance to his habit of browsing Wikipedia before the show, Cambridge News reports.

Alexander Guttenplan

Last min change to the #WCOUCP - we've added Guttenplan! Will be in Round 4/4. Round 1 of 4 tonight. Episode -7:30pm #UniversityChallenge pic.twitter.com/ch09WHirhe — University Challenge (@UniversityChal) January 23, 2017

The American science student captained Emmanuel College, Cambridge, to victory in 2011, becoming an unlikely heartthrob along the way, a turn of events that Guttenplan branded "odd".

Hearts were set aflutter when the student dared to do the unthinkable, curtly correcting Jeremy Paxman after he congratulated the team on a "good guess". "It wasn't a guess," Guttenplan shot back, instantly catapulting himself to the status of University Challenge legend.


~_~





~_~


Steve Murrells, the Co-op Group chief executive, will form part of an unlikely quartet with Coldplay, Ellie Goulding and Pharrell Williams, below, when he takes to the stage in Hamburg today at the Global Citizen Festival.

Getty

He will be helping to launch a new initiative called the Global Fund for Water, to raise funds for water and sanitation projects.

Mr Murrells, who is calling on fellow retailers and branded water producers to join the $100 million fundraising, admits he is no musician. “The only keyboard I can use is the one on my iPad.”

Full-bodied personality

The death of Roy Ackerman, the veteran restaurateur, bon viveur and guidebook publisher, robbed the Wine Guild UK of a passionate, knowledgeable and flamboyant chancellor.

His replacement looks tailor-made…


~_~


6 weeks FREE access to the award winning digital edition on your web browser,


~_~


Volvo plans to shift its entire car line-up to electric and hybrid powertrains by 2019, it has revealed.

The carmaker will release five fully-electric vehicles between 2019 and 2021, three of which will be launched under the company's Polestar performance brand. These will be joined by a host of hybrid-powered cars, which will be available with either petrol or diesel engines.

Chief executive Hakan Samuelsson said: "Volvo Cars has stated that it plans to have sold a total of one million electrified cars by 2025. When we said it, we meant it. This is how we are going to do it," he said.

The announcement means the Chinese-owned company is the "first major traditional automaker to set a date for phasing out vehicles powered solely by the internal combustion engine", says Reuters.

While Volvo "will continue to produce pure combustion-engine" cars before 2019, Reuters says, it could mark "the eventual end of nearly a century of Volvos powered solely that way".

Production of the electrified line-up will be based in the China, says AutoExpress, as it is the home country of Volvo's parent company Geely. However, the cars will continue to be built "for worldwide export".

But the firm is not just reducing the emissions of its vehicles. As Autocar reports, "it aims to have climate-neutral manufacturing operations by 2025".

Volvo also has a vision for 2020 in which "no person will be killed by a new Volvo" because of its enhanced autonomous safety systems, says the Daily Telegraph. The company has recently focused on driverless technology and aims to begin testing on public roads later this year.


~_~


Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.


~_~


LONDON British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser trimmed its sales forecasts on Thursday, becoming one of the first companies to put a cost on a global cyber attack that disrupted its manufacturing and distribution.

Several major multinational companies, along with Russia's biggest oil firm and Ukrainian banks, were hit by a virus on June 27 that crippled computers, disrupting ports from Mumbai to Los Angeles and halting production at factories.

Reckitt Benckiser, which makes Dettol and Lysol disinfectants, Harpic cleaners and Durex condoms, said it estimated like-for-like revenue in the second quarter would fall 2 percent from a year earlier because of the attack.

The virus hit output at many of the company's more than 60 factories, as well as affecting orders, billing and shipping. Excluding that impact, and tax changes in India that hurt sales to a lesser extent, second-quarter sales would have been flat, the company said.

Reckitt's shares fell as much as 3.2 percent on Thursday to their lowest since May 19. The shares were 1.4 percent lower at 0858 GMT.

The cyber blindside came at a bad time for Reckitt Benckiser after its weakest performance in 15 years in the first quarter, when a collapse of its business in South Korea and a failed Scholl product innovation left sales unchanged..

Reckitt Benckiser has described 2017 as a "tale of two halves", saying the second half would improve as comparisons with the same period a year earlier get easier.

But it said on Thursday that like-for-like annual sales would now only increase 2 percent, instead of 3 percent.

Liberum analysts said Reckitt needs 5 percent sales growth in the second half to hit that target and that "may still prove ambitious in light of lingering effects from the cyber attack, Indian tax and competitive end markets".

PRODUCTION LOSSES

Following years of strong performances, Reckitt has a reputation for acquiring businesses and boosting sales by launching new products. But several sluggish quarters and its acquisition of baby formula maker Mead Johnson have raised questions about its strategy.

"We remain negative on the acquisition of Mead Johnson from a strategic, operational and financial point of view whereas organically we see signs of innovation fatigue meaning that there isn't anything obvious to offset the slowdown of the failed Scholl Express Pedi innovation," said analysts at RBC, affirming their "Underperform" rating.

Prior to the takeover deal, which closed last month, Mead Johnson's shares had fallen by a third over the past two years, as it has lost market share in China due to increased competition and changing consumer habits.

Reckitt Benckiser said the June cyber attack had disrupted its ability to manufacture and distribute products to customers in multiple markets, hitting its global supply chain.

"Consequently, we were unable to ship and invoice some orders to customers prior to the close of the quarter."

It said some of factories were still not operating normally, but that some of the revenue lost in the second quarter would be recovered in the current third quarter.

"However, the continued production difficulties in some factories mean that we also expect to lose some further revenue permanently," it said.

A company spokeswoman said she anticipated that all its factories would be running at some level by the end of the week.

"We expect an impact both on top line, through disruption to production, order handling and logistics, and margin, through the need to upgrade systems and recover data," Investec analysts said.

(Editing by Jason Neely and David Clarke)


~_~


The U.S. Supreme Court has never declared a voting-district map unconstitutional for giving one party a political edge, but a pair of legal scholars hopes a metric they devised will change that.

On Monday, the high court announced it would hear the appeal of a U.S. District Court decision that invalidated the Wisconsin state assembly district...


~_~


The latest national accounts, for the first quarter of this year, show two alarming features. One is that real incomes have been falling for nine months, the longest such decline for 40 years. The other is that the savings ratio has fallen to 1.7 per cent of GDP, the lowest since the present set of records began in 1960.

Put the two together and you can see that people are maintaining their standard of living, but only by running down their savings. If you knock off the amount of money put into occupational pensions, which are of course a form of saving, household savings are actually negative.

Whenever you get a set of figures that are unusually gloomy, or unusually cheerful, you have to aim off a bit. The growth figure, only 0.2 per cent in the quarter, will probably be revised upwards, though it may take a couple of years before this happens. There are exceptional items, such as some one-off tax payments that depressed the savings rate. The impact of the fall in the pound on inflation will soon have moved through the system, bringing inflation back down and enabling incomes to grow again in real terms. As for growth this year, most forecasters expect it to be between 1.5 per cent and 2 per cent, not brilliant but not dreadful either.

But there is one number that even with these qualifications is really worrying and that is the savings ratio. Over the past 30 years the UK savings ratio has averaged around 8 per cent of GDP, that’s including the pension contributions. To go below 2 per cent is remarkable. Americans, never noted as great savers, still manage to save 5 per cent of GDP at the moment. Germans, who do have a stronger savings tradition, are saving nearly 10 per cent of GDP.

Which political party can fix our economy?

This matters for a host of reasons. For a start, if people don’t save enough for their retirement, then the burden shifts onto the state, or more precisely onto the present generation of working people who pay the bulk of the taxes. This creates social tension. You can see the resentment now among the young that they have to pay the pensions of the retired. But equally retired people who have paid tax all their lives feel that they have earned those pensions and deserve to get them now.

But this is not just an intergenerational thing. It is also an interpersonal thing. It depends a bit on how you calculate the numbers but roughly one third of the people in the UK have savings of less than one month’s income. That includes the old who have tended to save more. If you take people of working age it is worse, with about 40 per cent of them having less than £100 of savings – in effect virtually nothing. More than half the 30 million people who use credit cards cannot pay off the balance at the end of the month.

The tension between people with savings and those without will get worse. That is because until 10 years ago the proportion of people who owned their own homes was still rising. Now it is falling. Buying a home is a form of forced saving. Unless you have an interest-only mortgage part of the monthly mortgage bill is paying off the principal of the loan. Anyone who rents, now a majority of young people, is not forced to save in this way.

So what’s to be done?

For a start it would be helpful to have a return to normal interest rates. If you had to devise a policy that would deter people from saving and encouraging them to borrow, you would say: “Right, we are going to keep the interest on savings below the rate of inflation and we are going to keep borrowing rates for homes down to 3 per cent or so.”

That is the lure the authorities have given them, and surprise, surprise, people have taken the bait.

Will your degree make you a lot of money?







16 show all Will your degree make you a lot of money?





























1/16 Medecine Women's salaries £45,400 Men's salaries: £55,300

2/16 Economics Women's salaries £38,200 Men's salaries: £42,00

3/16 Engineering and Technology Women's salaries £23,200 Men's salaries: £31,200

4/16 Law Women's salaries £26,200 Men's salaries: £30,100

5/16 Physical Science Women's salaries £24,800 Men's salaries: £29,800

6/16 Education Women's salaries £24,400 Men's salaries: £29,600

7/16 Architecture Women's salaries £22,500 Men's salaries: £28,600

8/16 Maths and Computer Science Women's salaries £22,000 Men's salaries: £26,800

9/16 Business Women's salaries £22,000 Men's salaries: £26,500

10/16 History and Philosophy Women's salaries £23,200 Men's salaries: £26,500

11/16 Social Science Women's salaries £20,500 Men's salaries: £26,200

12/16 Biological science Women's salaries £23,800 Men's salaries: £25,200

13/16 European languages and literature Women's salaries £26,400 Men's salaries: £25,000

14/16 Linguistics and classics Women's salaries £23,200 Men's salaries: £24,100

15/16 Mass Communication Women's salaries £18,100 Men's salaries: £19,300

16/16 Creative arts Women's salaries £14,500 Men's salaries: £17,900

Next, and this is happening, we have to get everyone into a personal pension. That is what the new system of auto-enrolment is about. Unfortunately the UK occupational pension system, 20 years ago the envy of the world, has been undermined by three things. One was the raid on pension dividends by Gordon Brown back in the 1990s. A second has been the chopping and changing of the rules under which people can set aside part of their income for a pension. And the third are the supposed “prudential” rules that require, or at least encourage, pension funds to put money into low-yielding government securities rather than higher-yielding equities.

The key change needed is to get people to accept that it is too risky to expect that a government in 30, 40 or more years’ time will be able to pay decent pensions. Once you accept that politics are inherently unpredictable you recognise that you have to take action yourself.

That leads to a final point. What has happened to the culture of saving? Has it simply become too easy to spend? Credit cards surely increased the incentive to spend. Have contactless debit cards now made spending easier still? Why do Germans save and Britons not? I don’t know the answers to any of these questions but I am troubled by the idea that a country that does not save is a country that is taking risks with its future.


~_~


Summer has officially arrived in the UK and it looks like the perfect weather for a spin in a drop-top supercar.

Luckily there are a host of new cars that have just reached the market. These offer buyers supercar levels of performance with the added allure of no roof.

These are some of the fastest and most luxurious cars in the supercar market, all of which come with powerful engines and lashings of leather and carbon fibre.

Here they are – the five best drop-top supercars for summer driving;

Audi R8 Spyder V10 Plus

Audi has only just launched the faster Plus variant of its R8 Spyder V10, making it the newest car on this list.

It's powered by a 5.2-litre naturally aspirated V10 engine that has been upgraded from the base model's 533bhp to 602bhp in the Plus. Power is sent to all-four wheels, although drivers can send up to 100 per cent of it to the rear axle using a switch in the cabin.

The drop-top supercar has a sportier look than the base car. Evo says the R8 Spyder V10 Plus has a "liberal use of carbon fibre" that includes a subtle wing at the rear. The Plus also comes with the range-topping coupe's multi-spoke wheels.

Orders are due to open later this month, with prices starting at £147,470.

Ferrari 488 Spider

Ferrari's drop-top supercar offering comes in the form of its new 488 Spider, the Italian firm's first turbocharged car since the iconic F40.

The company's entry-level mid-engined supercar has a 3.9-litre twin-turbo V8 motor that sends power to its rear wheels. Zero to 62mph comes around in 3.0secs, making it one of the fastest drop-top supercars available.

One of the car's standout features is its handling and ride quality, says Top Gear. The 488 Spider is fitted with magnetic dampers, which helps it "keep everything tied down while filtering out rough surfaces".

It's among the most expensive cars on this list at £203,000, although that figure could rise substantially after optional extras are added.

Lamborghini Huracan LP610-4 Spyder

Those who want Audi R8 V10 levels of performance but with a more striking design may want to consider the Lamborghini Huracan LP610-4 Spyder.

The R8 and Huracan are both products of the Volkswagen group, so they have components such as drivetrains and aluminium underpinnings.

Behind the driver sits the same 602bhp 5.2-litre naturally aspirated V10 engine as the R8. It boasts a zero to 62mph time of 3.6secs. Lamborghini has also fitted a fast roof – the Spyder's fabric top can be lowered in just 17secs.

The Huracan LP610-4 Spyder is available to order now at £205,000.

McLaren 570S Spider

McLaren's 570S coupe launched last year to critical acclaim. The British carmaker has now revealed a drop-top version in time for summer.

What makes the 570S Spider stand out is that it has "no performance compromises" over the coupe version. This is because the Spider is built on a carbon fibre structure, which is strong enough to maintain the car's rigidity without a roof.

A 3.8-litre twin-turbo V8 engine sits in the middle of the car. It boasts a power output of 562bhp and 443lb-ft of torque, according to AutoExpress. This helps launch the Spider from zero to 62mph in 3.2secs and on to a top speed of 204mph "with the roof in place".

McLaren is already accepting orders for the 570S Spider. Its asking prices starts at £164,750.

Porsche 911 Turbo S Cabriolet

Porsche's 911 Turbo S Cabriolet may not be a conventional mid-engined supercar like the other cars on this list, but it's among the fastest supercars on the market.

The Turbo S Cabriolet features a twin-turbo flat-six engine that sits over the rear axle in the same position as the majority of 911 road cars. The motor's 572bhp and 553lb-ft of torque is sent to all-four wheels, says Evo, allowing it to go from zero to 62mph in 2.9secs.

While the power levels and accretion times may seem "scary" to some, the magazine says the car's handling will be "predictable and controllable" for most drivers.

The Turbo S Cabriolet is also the cheapest car on the list at £145,773, but there will be plenty of optional extras to choose from.


~_~


Men ride their bicycles in front of the Bhushan Steel plant in Odisha August 18, 2014. REUTERS/Stringer/Files

Bhushan Steel Ltd reported a March-quarter loss that was much bigger than stated earlier in its unaudited results, as the debt-laden steelmaker was hurt by higher costs.

Audited net loss for the quarter was 11.31 billion rupees ($174.7 million), compared with the unaudited 7.57 billion rupees loss reported in May, Bhushan Steel said late on Wednesday. bit.ly/2uMA0Mr

However, the fourth-quarter loss narrowed marginally from the 11.85 billion rupees loss it reported a year earlier.

Total expenses rose more than 18 percent to 59.94 billion rupees for the quarter. This was about 51 percent higher than the unaudited figure reported earlier.

The steelmaker said last month that a consortium of lenders had authorised State Bank of India to refer the company to the National Company Law Tribunal for insolvency proceedings.

In a bid to resolve the country's $150 billion stressed loan problem, the Reserve Bank of India in June had urged lenders to start bankruptcy proceedings against 12 large loan defaulters, including Bhushan Steel, sources had told Reuters.

($1 = 64.7500 Indian rupees)

(Reporting By Arnab Paul and Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)


~_~


This ambulance found itself in a tight spot on the way to an incident in Dorset SaveDinahsHollow/BNPS

An ambulance had to abandon an emergency call after becoming trapped against a lorry in a narrow village street. It became firmly wedged while trying to pass a lorry that had been diverted through Melbury Abbas, near Shaftesbury in Dorset. Unable to move, the crew had to radio for another ambulance to be sent to the emergency instead (writes Simon de Bruxelles).

Residents blamed the incident on a a controversial traffic management scheme instigated by Dorset county council. The scheme — to divert southbound HGVs off the main road, the A350, in order to reduce traffic flows — means that lorries are now required to take a detour through the village from which they were previously banned. Residents say that the diversion has resulted in dozens of…


~_~


BRUSSELS—The leaders of Japan and the European Union said Thursday they had struck a broad, new trade deal, an agreement that comes on the eve of a Group of 20 leaders meeting where U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to clash with his counterparts on trade.

The political agreement is another sign of major world economies seeking to adapt to Mr. Trump’s “America First” policies and represents a significant opening of the once heavily-protected Japanese market. Japan is seeking to pursue new export opportunities...


~_~


Google is making it easier and easier to create and edit documents in Drive, letting you save time and get things done a lot more efficiently.

The company’s latest big update lets you dump responsibility for mundane tasks. like creating charts and graphs, on its powerful machine learning technology.

However, the best Google Docs feature you might not know about has been available for some time.

Gadgets and tech news in pictures







+ show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures



















































































1/43 Designed by Pierpaolo Lazzarini from Italian company Jet Capsule. The I.F.O. is fuelled by eight electric engines, which is able to push the flying object to an estimated top speed of about 120mph. Jet Capsule/Cover Images

2/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images

3/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images

4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

5/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

6/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

7/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

8/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex

9/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex

10/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters

11/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters

12/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex

13/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters

14/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters

15/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty

16/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty

17/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters

18/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP

19/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters

20/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters

21/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters

22/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

23/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

24/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters

25/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

26/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty

27/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty

28/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

29/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

30/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

31/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

32/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters

33/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty

34/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire

35/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire

36/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA

37/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA

38/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA

39/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty

40/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty

41/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP

42/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP

43/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA

Voice Typing is incredibly useful, and lets you transcribe, edit and format documents with simple spoken commands, as long as your computer has a working microphone and you’re using Docs in Chrome.

Switch Voice Typing on

To enable it, hit Tools at the top of the page and select Voice typing from the dropdown menu.

This will launch a small window you can move around the screen. Once you’ve chosen the right language for you, just click on the microphone icon.

If your computer’s microphone isn’t on, it will offer guidance on how to enable it.

Speak to type

Once you’ve done that, just speak to your computer and your words will appear on-screen. It will work best if you’re in a quiet environment and you speak clearly, at a normal volume and steady pace.

It might not work perfectly every time, but if you spot a mistake you can easily correct it with your mouse and keyboard, without having to switch Voice Typing off.

If you’re working on a transcription or typing up written notes, you’ll save a lot of time and be able to do other things with your hands in the meantime.

Punctuation

You’ll be relieved to know that it’s easy to insert punctuation with Voice Typing. Just use the following phrases:

Full stop

Comma

Exclamation point

Question mark

New line

New paragraph

Editing and formatting

Google even lets you edit and format text with your speech, though the option is currently only available to English speakers. There’s a huge list of commands, but the following are what we consider to be the most useful to casual Docs users.

Copy

Cut

Paste

Select [word or phrase]

Select all

Deselect

Delete last word

Delete [word or phrase]

Copy link

Insert link [then say the URL you want to use]

Bold

Italicise

Italics

All caps [word or phrase]

Capitalise [word or phrase]

Text colour [colour name]

Decrease font size

Increase font size

Clear formatting

The complete list of commands is available here.

Stop Voice Typing

Once you’re done – or somebody starts a conversation with you – either click the microphone icon again or say “Stop listening”. To resume, say “Resume”.


~_~


WASHINGTON—Federal Reserve officials in June readied plans to start slowly shrinking the central bank’s large portfolio of bonds and other assets in the next few months, and the debate since then over when to launch the plan has increasingly pointed to September.

Several officials said the Fed had sufficiently prepared markets to initiate the run-off “within a couple of months,” according to the minutes of the central bank’s June meeting released on Wednesday. Some others said waiting longer could them give more time to...


~_~


Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.


~_~


Saudi Arabia and three other Gulf states have issued Qatar with a 13-point list of demands, including the cutting of diplomatic ties with Iran and the closure of its Al Jazeera television channels.

See related Turkey to send troops to Qatar as diplomatic row continues

Other demands include a halt to military cooperation with Turkey and that Doha stops funding extremists designated as terrorist groups

Qatar has been given ten days to comply, although the message does not say what will happen if it fails to do so.

The list from Saudi Arabia, together with Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt, which have been blockading Qatar since early June, was obtained by the Associated Press and a translation was published in the Dubai-based Khaleej Times newspaper today.

It is likely to ratchet up tensions in the Gulf and lead to Qatari objections that its neighbours are trying to dictate its sovereign affairs, said the New Arab current affairs website.

Qatari foreign minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani told France 24 Doha would not accept any "foreign dictations".

He added that "Qatar had always abided by international laws and played a key role in the international coalition fighting [Isis]", reports Al Jazeera.

Doha has already refused to close Al Jazeera, while the country's ambassador to the US ambassador told the Financial Times this week that opponents "want to undermine our sovereignty".


~_~


McLaren's all-new 720S supercar will boast a zero to 62mph time to rival the company's P1 hypercar.

The latest addition to the firm's popular "Super Series", which made its public debut at the Geneva Motor Show, replaces the three-year-old 650S and joins the line-up between the entry-level 540C and the million-pound P1.

It has been built around McLaren's second-generation carbon fibre chassis, which encases the whole of the cockpit in a single mould for better structural rigidity. The first generation cockpit, used by the MP4-12C and 650S, only covered the lower half of the cockpit.

McLaren's new supercar will reach the UK in May, with prices starting from a little more than £208,000.

Here's everything we know so far.

Design

McLaren has completely redesigned its Super Series car and introduced a new eye socket-style front-end, which AutoExpress says channels airflow around the headlights for improved cooling. The cluster is divided into two air ducts that are separated by a thin daylight LED strip.

The new design also axes the side intakes from the 650S, replacing them with two ducts on either side of the cockpit. Two small inlets are also positioned lower down and further back from the doors, reducing the turbulence around the wheel arches and generating downforce.

At the rear is a body-width wing and airbrake, which is automatically activated to either increase downforce or reduce drag. McLaren claims the added downforce is "more than double" that of the 650S.

Chassis and suspension

McLaren is renowned for high-tech, hydraulically-connected dampers, which controlled by "an on-board management system allows independent movement when a more comfortable ride is required", says Evo.

The system appears on the 720S, although it gets McLaren's latest chassis control. The upgrade comes with "12 additional sensors, including an accelerometer at each corner to measure the wheel speed” - as well as "two pressure sensors per damper", adds the magazine.

This equates to around a six per cent increase in mechanical grip over the car's predecessor and can be tweaked through the car's Comfort, Sport or Track driving modes, says AutoExpress.

Along with the chassis upgrades, McLaren has improved the brakes over the outgoing 650S, helping the 720S go from 62mph to a complete standstill in 2.8secs, says Top Gear, while braking from 186mph to zero comes around in just 6.9secs.

While manufacturers such as Ferrari and Porsche have moved over to electric steering, continues the site McLaren has used a hydraulic system designed to provide a similar feeling to the track-focused 675LT, which has"the best steering of any road car".

Performance

The 720S gets a 4.0-litre twin-turbo V8 engine, which is a departure from the old 3.8-litre V8 that has powered every McLaren road car since 2011. With a power output of 710bhp and 568lb-ft of torque, the new motor has 54bhp and 62lb-ft more than the 650S.

Power is channelled to the rear wheels through a seven-speed automatic gearbox, launching the 720S from zero to 62mph in a P1-rivalling 2.8secs and on to a top speed of 212mph. New brakes and tyres also allow the car to stop from 124mph in a claimed 4.6secs.

In addition, a host of driving modes allows owners to play with the power. For example, McLaren's "variable drift control" reduces the car's traction and stability control to allow for a degree of wheel spin.

Reviews

As a replacement for McLaren's outgoing 650S supercar, the 720S is "nothing short of exemplary" and "another amazing leap for a brand that seems to have come a very long way in a relatively short space of time", AutoExpress says.

Its substantial overhaul has seen a complete redesign of the exterior, with the old car's large intakes scrapped in favour of more compact side vents while dihedral doors, inspired by the company's F1 hypercar, have been added.

The completely changed front end features two large holes around the headlights. It's a design that may split opinion, says Car, but it does offer aerodynamic benefits at higher speeds.

Despite the extensive tweaks McLaren has made, the magazine claims the 720S is still incorporates the company's "everyday supercar" philosophy.

"The hydraulic suspension ensures an excellent ride" and there's also "stacks of luggage space", it adds. Owners get 150 litres of space in the front and 210 litres in the rear, which combined is more than what's on offer in a Ford Focus hatchback.

The 720S is "utterly absurd" and "wonderfully ridiculous", says Autocar, and McLaren has managed to give the car a massive amount of power without it feeling "uncontrollable" or overpowered.

This is largely helped by the coupe's ability to absorb bumps and rough surfaces with ease, all while "retaining maintaining mammoth control of its body". There's "little lean when turning" and the nose rarely dives under braking.

CarBuyer agrees it's among the "most responsive" and "poised" cars around, but says it "transforms into a quiet, smooth long-distance cruiser when you ease off".

Drivers get "a panoramic view of the road thanks to elegantly slim windscreen pillars" while the "advanced interior" is dominated by a "motorsport-influenced instrument pod that transforms from to a busier, more informative display when you’re on the open road".

While Evo says the 720S is "sensationally quick", it adds the car is let down by a "lack of an exciting engine note". The 4.0-litre bi-turbo V8 motor produces "a lot of hissing and wooshing", but isn't as "thrilling" as a supercar should be.

Nevertheless, concludes the site, the 720S is a "faster" and "more capable" car than its 650S predecessor, with ride comfort and handling that are on "another level".

Price and release

Orders have already opened, with prices starting from £208,600. That's around £8,000 more than the 720S's predecessor and nearly £75,000 more than the entry-level 540C.

McLaren reveals its P1-rivalling 720S supercar

7 March

Latest addition to the Super Series gets a bigger engine to do 0-62mph in 2.8secs

McLaren's all-new 720S supercar, unveiled today at the Geneva Motor Show, boasts a 0-62mph time to rival the company's million-pound P1 hypercar.

Replacing the popular 650S in the company's Super Series, the 720S features a larger twin-turbocharged V8 engine producing 710bhp and 568lb-ft of torque - 54bhp and 62lb-ft more than the outgoing model.

Power is channelled through a seven-speed automatic gearbox that takes the 720S from standing to 62mph in 2.8secs, the same figure as McLaren's flagship P1.

The 720S has been designed around McLaren's new "Monocage II carbon fibre tub" that houses the whole of the passenger cell, including the roof, Evo reports. This has enabled the company to lower the door sills for easier access, while the windscreen is "deeper and broader" to allow a better field of view.

It should also be a frugal car, too, with CarBuyer reporting it will be as fuel efficient as a Volkswagen Golf hatchback, "largely thanks to the carbon fibre chassis", which boasts a significantly lower weight compared to regular road cars.

There's also an updated version of the fully independent suspension system that debuted on the MP4-12C in 2011, says Autocar. The new layout has an additional 12 sensors that can sense and adapt to different terrain, resulting in "better contact between the tyres and the road surface".

Prices start at £208,600, £8,000 more than the 650S and around £75,000 more than the entry-level 540C. Orders are open now, with deliveries expected to reach buyers in May.


~_~


1/65 5 July 2017 A member of the Iraqi security forces runs with his weapon during a fight between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants in the Old City of Mosul, Iraq.

2/65 5 July 2017 A U.S. MGM-140 Army Tactical Missile is fired during the combined military exercise between the U.S. and South Korea against North Korea at an undisclosed location in South Korea A.P

3/65 4 July 2017 North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un looks on during the test-fire of inter-continental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 Reuters

4/65 4 July 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during a signing ceremony following the talks at the Kremlin Reuters

5/65 3 July 2017 Belarussian servicemen march during a military parade as part of celebrations marking the Independence Day in Minsk, Belarus Reuters

6/65 3 July 2017 Ambulance cars and fire engines are seen near the site where a coach burst into flames after colliding with a lorry on a motorway near Muenchberg, Germany Reuters

7/65 2 July 2017 Protesters demonstrating against the upcoming G20 economic summit ride boats on Inner Alster lake during a protest march in Hamburg, Germany. Hamburg will host the upcoming G20 summit and is expecting heavy protests throughout. Getty Images

8/65 1 July 2017 Protesters carry a large image of jailed Chinese Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo as they march during the annual pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong. Thousands joined an annual protest march in Hong Kong, hours after Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped up his visit to the city by warning against challenges to Beijing's sovereignty. AP

9/65 30 June 2017 Jockey Andrea Coghe of "Selva" (Forest) parish rides his horse during the first practice for the Palio Horse Race in Siena, Italy June 30, 2017 Reuters

10/65 30 June 2017 A man takes pictures with a phone with a Union Flag casing after Chinese President Xi Jinping (not pictured) inspected troops at the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison as part of events marking the 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June 30, 2017 Reuters

11/65 29 June 2017 A protester against U.S. President Donald Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, holds a sign next to protesters supporting the ban, in New York City, U.S., June 29, 2017 Reuters

12/65 29 June 2017 Israeli Air Force Efroni T-6 Texan II planes perform at an air show during the graduation of new cadet pilots at Hatzerim base in the Negev desert, near the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva AFP/Getty Images

13/65 28 June 2017 A woman gestures next to people spraying insecticide on a vehicle during a mosquito-control operation led by Ivory Coast's National Public and Health Institute in Bingerville, near Abidjan where several cases of dengue fever were reported AFP/Getty Images

14/65 28 June 2017 An aerial view shows women swimming in the Yenisei River on a hot summer day, with the air temperature at about 32 degrees Celsius (89.6 degrees Fahrenheit), outside Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, Russia, June 28, 2017 Reuters

15/65 27 June 2017 A Libyan coast guardsman watches over as illegal immigrants arrive to land in a dinghy during the rescue of 147 people who attempted to reach Europe off the coastal town of Zawiyah, 45 kilometres west of the capital Tripoli, on June 27, 2017. More than 8,000 migrants have been rescued in waters off Libya during the past 48 hours in difficult weather conditions, Italy's coastguard said on June 27, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

16/65 27 June 2017 Investigators work at the scene of a car bomb explosion which killed Maxim Shapoval, a high-ranking official involved in military intelligence, in Kiev, Ukraine, June 27, 2017 Reuters

17/65 26 June 2017 A man leaves after voting in the Mongolian presidential election at the Erdene Sum Ger (Yurt) polling station in Tuul Valley. Mongolians cast ballots on June 26 to choose between a horse breeder, a judoka and a feng shui master in a presidential election rife with corruption scandals and nationalist rhetoric AFP/Getty Images

18/65 26 June 2017 People attend Eid al-Fitr prayers to mark the end of the holy fasting month of Ramadan at a play ground in the suburb of Sale, Morocco REUTERS

19/65 25 June 2017 A plain-clothes police officer kicks a member of a group of LGBT rights activist as Turkish police prevent them from going ahead with a Gay Pride annual parade on 25 June 2017 in Istanbul, a day after it was banned by the city governor's office. AFP/Getty Images

20/65 25 June 2017 Pakistan army soldiers stands guard while rescue workers examine the site of an oil tanker explosion at a highway near Bahawalpur, Pakistan. An overturned oil tanker burst into flames in Pakistan on Sunday, killing more than one hundred people who had rushed to the scene of the highway accident to gather leaking fuel, an official said. AP

21/65 24 June 2017 Rescue workers search for survivors at the site of a landslide that occurred in Xinmo Village, Mao County, Sichuan province, China REUTERS

22/65 23 June 2017 Student activists shout anti martial law slogans during a protest in Manila on June 23, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

23/65 23 June 2017 A diver performs from the Pont Alexandre III bridge into the River Seine in Paris, France, June 23, 2017 as Paris transforms into a giant Olympic park to celebrate International Olympic Days with a variety of sporting events for the public across the city during two days as the city bids to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games Reuters

24/65 23 June 2017 Debris and smoke are seen after an OV-10 Bronco aircraft released a bomb, during an airstrike, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who have taken over parts of Marawi city, Philippines June 23, 2017 Reuters

25/65 22 June 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (C) stands under pouring rain during a wreath-laying ceremony marking the 76th anniversary of the Nazi German invasion, by the Kremlin walls in Moscow, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

26/65 22 June 2017 Smoke rises following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

27/65 22 June 2017 Iraqis flee from the Old City of Mosul on June 22, 2017, during the ongoing offensive by Iraqi forces to retake the last district still held by the Islamic State (IS) group AFP/Getty Images

28/65 21 June 2017 Girls stand in monsoon rains beside an open laundry in New Delhi, India Reuters

29/65 21 June 2017 People take part in the 15th annual Times Square yoga event celebrating the Summer Solstice, the longest day of the year, during classes in the middle of Times Square in New York. The event marked the international day of yoga. Reuters

30/65 20 June 2017 Faroe Islanders turn the sea red after slaughtering hundreds of whales as part of annual tradition Rex

31/65 20 June 2017 A firefighting plane tackles a blaze in Cadafaz, near Goes, Portugal Reuters

32/65 15 June 2017 A person participates in a journalists' protest asking for justice in recent attacks on journalists in Mexico City, Mexico, 15 June 2017 EPA

33/65 11 June 2017 Poland's Piotr Lobodzinski starts in front of the Messeturm, Fairground Tower, in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

34/65 11 June 2017 A runner lies on the ground after arriving at the finish line in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

35/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

36/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform on the tarmac at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

37/65 11 June 2017 French President Emmanuel Macron with his wife Brigitte Trogneux cast their ballot at their polling station in the first round of the French legislatives elections in Le Touquet, northern France EPA

38/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoist EPA

39/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoists EPA

40/65 11 June 2017 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu chairs a weekly cabinet meeting at his office in Jerusalem. An Israeli court has ordered a journalist to pay more than $25,000 in damages to Netanyahu and his wife Sara for libeling them. The magistrate court in Tel Aviv ruled Sunday that Igal Sarna libeled the couple for writing a Facebook post that claimed the prime minister's wife kicked the Israeli leader out of their car during a fight AP

41/65 10 June 2017 Parkour enthusiasts train on Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Originally developed in France, the training discipline is gaining popularity in Brazil Mario Tama/Getty Images

42/65 10 June 2017 Volunteers spread mozzarella cheese toppings on the Guinness World Record attempt for the Longest Pizza in Fontana, California, USA. The pizza was planned to be 7000 feet (2.13 km) to break the previous record of 6082 feet (1.8 km) set in Naples, Italy in 2016 EPA

43/65 10 June 2017 Jamaica's Olympic champion Usain Bolt gestures after winning his final 100 metres sprint at the 2nd Racers Grand Prix at the National Stadium in Kingston, Jamaica REUTERS/Gilbert Bellamy

44/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

45/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

46/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

47/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

48/65 10 June 2017 Protesters stand off before police during a demonstration against corruption, repression and unemployment in Al Hoseima, Morocco. The neglected Rif region has been rocked by social unrest since the death in October of a fishmonger. Mouhcine Fikri, 31, was crushed in a rubbish truck as he protested against the seizure of swordfish caught out of season and his death has sparked fury and triggered nationwide protests Getty Images

49/65 9 June 2017 A man looks on at a migrant and refugee makeshift camp set up under the highway near Porte de la Chapelle, northern Paris Getty Images

50/65 9 June 2017 Damaged cars are seen stacked in the middle of a road in western Mosul's Zanjili neighbourhood during ongoing battles to try to take the city from Islamic State (IS) group fighters Getty

51/65 9 June 2017 Smoke billows following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa Getty Images

52/65 9 June 2017 Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel gestures next to Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto during a welcome ceremony at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico REUTERS/Carlos Jasso

53/65 9 June 2017 Soldiers and residents carry the body of a Muslim boy who was hit by a stray bullet while praying inside a mosque, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who has taken over large parts of the Marawi City, Philippines REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

54/65 8 June 2017 Opposition demonstrators protest for the death on the eve of young activist Neomar Lander during clashes with riot police, in Caracas Getty Images

55/65 8 June 2017 Neomar Lander, a 17-year-old boy was killed during a march in the Chacao district in eastern Caracas on Wednesday, taking the overall death toll since the beginning of April to 66, according to prosecutors Getty Images

56/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI director James Comey is sworn in during a hearing before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

57/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI Director James Comey testifies during a US Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

58/65 8 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica trains at the University of West Indies in Kingston. Bolt says he is looking forward to having a party as he launches his final season on June 10 with what will be his last race on Jamaican soil. The 30-year-old world's fasted man plans to retire from track and field after the 2017 London World Championships in August Getty Images

59/65 8 June 2017 Acquanetta Warren, Mayor of Fontana, California, reacts after US President Donald Trump introduced himself before the Infrastructure Summit with Governors and Mayors at the White House in Washington, US REUTERS/Yuri Gripas

60/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reason Getty Images

61/65 8 June 2017 A woman reacts at the place where 17-year-old demonstrator Neomar Lander died during riots at a rally against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas, Venezuela, June 8, 2017. The sign reads: 'Neomar, entertainer for ever' REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado

62/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reasons Getty Images

63/65 8 June 2017 Queen Maxima of The Netherlands visits Tobroco Machines in Oisterwijk, Netherlands. The company is a manufacturer of machines for use in agriculture, road construction and field maintenance. Tobroco is winner of the 2016 Koning Willem 1 Award for entrepreneurship Getty Images

64/65 7 June 2017 A family member of an inmate tries to stop a truck used to transfer prisoners, outside a prison where a riot took place on Tuesday, in Ciudad Victoria, Mexico REUTERS/Josue Gonzalez


~_~


Wonder Woman doesn't open in cinemas for another two weeks, but DC Comic's latest superhero film adaptation is already getting some joyful reactions on social media.

Monster director Patty Jenkins's take on the story moves the action to the early 20th century, with Gal Gadot starring as Amazonian princess Diana.

She discovers a US military pilot Steve Trevor (Chris Pine) washed ashore on her home island Themyscira and, moved by his description of the devastating events of World War I, feels compelled to leave her island paradise for London to help end the terrible conflict.

Warner Bros screened the film to select press last week and while full reviews are still embargoed, the spoiler-free reactions trickling out on social media have been very positive.

Some call Wonder Woman their favourite DC film yet, while others compare it to Christopher Reeves's Superman and Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight.

WONDER WOMAN is great. My favorite of the recent DC movies. It's fierce, funny, well-written and badass. @GalGadot owns it. Her lasso FTW pic.twitter.com/rQ0ufZxWXP — ErikDavis (@ErikDavis) May 19, 2017

Others have praised the films humour, action and the charming lead actors Gadot and Pine.

Very pleased to report that #WonderWoman is the best DC movie since THE DARK KNIGHT. I'm already looking forward to seeing it again. — Silas Lesnick (@silaslesnick) May 19, 2017

The most wonderful thing about WONDER WOMAN is the wonderful Wonder Woman. Gal IS Wonder Woman. Now then, about WONDER WOMAN — Josh L. Dickey (@JLDlite) May 19, 2017

WONDER WOMAN: Easily my favorite DCEU film. Has the humor and heart the franchise so desperately needs. Gadot and Pine are charming as hell. — Kate Erbland (@katerbland) May 19, 2017

The posts will come as a relief to many fans, especially after speculation the film would bomb.

Last year on Mashable, Josh Dickey warned that Wonder Woman "probably isn't coming to save us", saying there was a very good chance that the film would be "terrible", like those other "soul-drowning bogs of suckitude" Man of Steel, Batman V Superman and Suicide Squad, which looked great but turned out to be "the most disappointing movie of summer".

"Marketing sleight of hand" can turn expensive action shots and one-liners into great trailers, he says, but that's "not enough to make great movies".

However, the more optimistic Robert Yaniz Jnr on CheatSheet this month suggested Wonder Woman would be the best DC film ever and that the casting of Gadot was "one of the film's few bright spots that nearly everyone agreed on".


~_~


File Photo: A gas cooker is seen in Boroughbridge, northern England in this November 13, 2012 file photograph. REUTERS/Nigel Roddis/File Photo

LONDON Britain's energy market regulator Ofgem has launched an investigation into British Gas' switching terms, it said on Thursday.

The inquiry will examine whether Centrica-owned (CNA.L) British Gas breached licence conditions relating to its obligations to domestic customers who switch to another supplier.

The inquiry comes after consumer affairs website Moneysaving Expert raised concerns about the issue, Ofgem said in a statement.

Ofgem licence conditions state that suppliers should not charge termination fees for any switch that takes place within the 49-day "switching period" before the expiry of a fixed-term contract, the regulator said.

(Reporting by Nina Chestney; editing by Jason Neely)


~_~


Rafael Nadal may have entered Wimbledon in a rich vein of form but he has since been brought down to earth by a simple self-service checkout machine.

The world number two, safely in the second round after Monday’s straight sets win over John Millman, was seen struggling to pay for six cans of Diet Coke in a local Tesco on Tuesday night.

Nick Roberts, a fellow customer, stepped in to assist Nadal and then shared his story on Twitter.

“Just done Rafa Nadal’s shopping for him on the self service tills on the tesco express in Wimbledon village. Surreal,” Roberts tweeted.

Just done Rafa Nadal's shopping for him on the self service tills on the tesco express in Wimbledon village. Surreal. pic.twitter.com/8762fxkpOc — Nick Roberts (@followthatnick) July 4, 2017

He added: “It was very exciting. He bought a 6 pack of Diet Coke. Didn’t need a bag. Environmentally conscious and awesome at tennis.

“Oh, and he was lovely with everyone in there. I hope he doesn’t mind that I’ve tweeted about this. I was just really excited!”

Nadal was also spotted out and about around Wimbledon last week, before the tournament started on Monday.

Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships







50 show all Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships

































































































1/50 Andy Murray walks of court with the trophy past the ball boys and girls on Centre court after beating Milos Raonic in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

2/50 Serena Williams falls to the ground after winning match point on Centre Court in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

3/50 Novak Djokovic with the trophy with Roger Federer on Centre Court, in 2015. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

4/50 Serena Williams balances the Venus Rosewater Dish on her head with no hands as she walks off Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

5/50 Novak Djokovic shows off the trophy on Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

6/50 Petra Kvitova holds her winners Plate on Centre Court in 2014. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

7/50 Andy Murray celebrates with the crowd after winning match point in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

8/50 Marion Bartoli climbs up into the stand to family and coaches after beating Sabine Lisicki in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

9/50 Andy Murray congratulates Roger Federer in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

10/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Plate in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

11/50 Novak Djokovic defeats Rafael Nadal in the final of the mens singles on day thirteen at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

12/50 Petra Kvitova with her trophy after defeating Maria Sharapova in their final match of the womens singles on day twelve at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

13/50 Rafael Nadal beat Tomas Berdych in the 2010 final. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

14/50 Serena Williams after beating Vera Zvonareva. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

15/50 Roger Federer kisses the trophy after beating Andy Roddick in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

16/50 Serena Williams shows off the dish to photographers in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

17/50 Venus Williams (USA) walks past the Photographers on Centre Court in 2007. COLORSPORT

18/50 Rafael Nadal of Spain drops onto the grass to celebrate winning the title. Colorsport / Imago

19/50 Roger Federer with the mens trophy after winning the title for the 5th time in a row. COLORSPORT

20/50 Venus holds aloft the Ladies Shield after beating Marion Bartoli in 2007. COLORSPORT

21/50 Roger Federer with the Trophy, glances over at Rafael Nadal. COLORSPORT

22/50 Amelie Mauresmo celebrates match point. She beat Henin Hardenne in the 2006 final. COLORSPORT

23/50 Roger Federer drops to the ground after winning match point in 2005. COLORSPORT

24/50 Federer plays a shot in 2005. COLORSPORT

25/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Shield and sister Venus Willams, in 2005. Colorsport

26/50 Maria Sharapova stunned Serena Williams in the 2004 final.

27/50 Venus Williams hugs the winners plate in 2005. COLORSPORT

28/50 Roger Federer holds aloft the Mens Singles Trophy after his straight sets victory over Mark Philippoussis in 2003. COLORSPORT

29/50 Serena and Venus Williams smilling after the 2003 Womens Final, won by Serena. COLORSPORT

30/50 Lleyton Hewitt celebrates victory in 2002. Colorsport

31/50 Goran Ivanisevic celebrates beating Tim Henman in the mens semi-final in 2001. Colorsport

32/50 Venus Williams with the Ladies trophy after defeating Justine Henin in 2001. Colorsport

33/50 Venus Williams celebrates with the Ladies winners plate after defeating Lindsey Davenport in 2001. Colorsport

34/50 Pete Sampras with The Mens singles trophy in 2000. COLORSPORT

35/50 Pete Sampras kisses the Mens Wimbledon Trophy after beating Andre Agassi in 1999. COLORSPORT

36/50 Ladies winner Lindsay Davenport with the trophy and and runner-up Steffi Graf. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

37/50 Pete Sampras celebrates. COLORSPORT

38/50 Jana Novotna celebrates victory in 1998. COLORSPORT

39/50 In 1997 Pete Sampras got the better of Cedric Pioline. COLORSPORT

40/50 Martina Hingis holds aloft the Ladies Plate. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

41/50 Richard Krajicek drops to the ground after winning the final on Centre Court. He beat Mal Washington. COLORSPORT

42/50 Steffi Graf shows Sanchez Vicario the Shield after the presentation on Centre Court. Colorsport

43/50 Pete Sampras shortly after beating Boris Becker in 1995. COLORSPORT

44/50 Steffi Graf celebrates after winning match point in 1995. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

45/50 Pete Sampras reacts after beating Goran Ivanišević 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–5), 6–0 in the 1994 final. COLORSPORT

46/50 Conchita Martinez is the only Spanish player to have won the women's singles title at Wimbledon, where she beat Martina Navratilova to win the 1994 title. Colorsport

47/50 Steffi Graff of Germany glances over to Jana Novotna as she breaks down in tears at the presentation after losing the match. Colorsport

48/50 Sampras beat Jim Courier 7–6(7–3), 7–6(8–6), 3–6, 6–3 in the 1993 final.

49/50 Andre Agassi receives the trophy from the Duchess of Kent in 1992.

50/50 Stefi Graf shows off the ladies Plate to the crowd. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

The two-time All England Club champion took some time out to play ‘keepie uppie’ in the street with a group of children.

Nadal faces the United States’ Donald Young, ranked 38th in the world, in the second round on Wednesday.


~_~


Tony Blair was not "straight with the nation" about his reasons for going to war in Iraq, Sir John Chilcot says. In his first interview since publishing his report on the conflict last year, the inquiry chief said the evidence given was "emotionally truthful", but relied on beliefs rather than facts. Blair's spokesman said "all these issues" had been dealt with.


~_~


The Audi Q2 is the latest addition to the German manufacturer's range. It's a small crossover, serving as the entry-level SUV in the company's ever-expanding Q line-up.

Unveiled at this year's Geneva Motor Show, the Q2 is on sale now and first deliveries are set to take place in a matter of weeks. There's a generous selection of petrol and diesel powertrains on offer from launch, as well as the option of Quattro all-wheel drive. More choices are on the way, including powerful S and RS versions.

The Q2 may be the smallest and cheapest Audi SUV you can buy, but it's certainly not the least interesting. It stands out against its larger Q3, Q5 and Q7 siblings thanks to some unique design traits. Audi is pitching it to younger buyers and there are plenty of customisation options, such as vibrant paint colours and trim inserts to make the cheapest Audi crossover more appealing.

It's still a premium-edged car, though, and a posher alternative to the likes of the Nissan Juke.

Here's all you need to know about the Q2 - and what the reviewers make of Audi's small, funky crossover.

Design

Aimed squarely at a younger audience, the Q2 stands out in Audi's range, with bolder, sharper lines and a different shape to the company's other SUVs.

The small frame has been made to look as hunched and sporty as possible, with a high shoulder line in tandem with a roof that slopes down towards the rear, pinching the back end. Placed onto this are several new lines and design cues, such as the cut-out running down the top of the doors, the squarer, wider-looking profile around the back and a slightly different face.

Rugged-looking cladding and skid plates also make the cut and they can be colour coded with the car's body.

There are also those huge, thick C-pillars towards the rear. Audi calls them "blades" and, like many aspects of the Q2, they can be customised. Other options include 12 exterior colours, a choice of alloy wheels, ranging from 16ins to 19ins (40cms to 48cms), and a two-tone contrasting roof.

Overall, the car is 59.4ins (1.5m) tall and 70.5ins (1.8m) wide, with a length of 165ins (4.2m), so it's length is roughly 4.7ins (12cms) shorter in terms of length than the A3 and 3.9ins (10cms) smaller in height than the Q3.

Interior and Tech

Image 6 of 15 Credits Audi

Interior and Tech

Inside, the Q2 is similar to the Audi A3 it's based on and incorporates the horizontal design trait that can be seen in the majority of the firm's latest models. There's a host of colourful trim and metal options to choose from, many of which aren't available on the A3 hatchback.

The cabin is "clean" and "uncluttered", says CarBuyer, while the soft-to-the-touch plastics and brushed aluminium trim elements are "of high quality".

Standard equipment includes a seven-inch infotainment screen above the dashboard, operated through a rotary dial and buttons located near the gearstick. The switches are "easy to read" and make surfing the system "a doddle", says What Car?.

The screen can be used to alter the car's settings, as well as access the radio, Apple CarPlay and Android Auto through Bluetooth or USB. The standard system itself is "intuitive", adds the website, while Sports models and upwards get a sat-nav bundled in.

A Bang & Olufsen sound system comes as an optional extra, as does Audi's Virtual Cockpit, which replaces the dashboard's physical dials with a 12.3ins screen, controlled via buttons on the steering wheel.

Space and practicality

Space is good for passengers in the rear, says What Car?, although the BMW X1 and Seat Ateca "provide families with much more".

The Q2 is 4.7ins shorter than the A3 hatchback on which it's based, something the magazine claims causes taller passengers in the back to brush their heads against the roof lining. They'll also find "their knees close to the front seatbacks".

At 405-litres, the Q2's boot is around 50 litres larger than the A3 hatchback and its rival Nissan Juke, while folding the rear seats flat opens up a total luggage space of 1,050-litres.

Accessing the Q2 is simple thanks to its wide opening doors and tall roofline compared to the A3, says CarBuyer. It's also more comfortable than the Nissan Juke and Renault Captur, while an adjustable steering wheel and front seats that can easily accommodate tall adults mean the driving position is "excellent".

There's an abundance of storage bins and cubby holes spread around the cabin. The glove compartment is well sized, as are the door bins, with a small slot located in the centre console for the ignition key.

Image 10 of 15 Credits Audi

Engines

Kicking-off the range of petrol engines is a 1.0-litre turbocharged three-cylinder unit, which CarBuyer says packs a "surprising punch" and doesn't need to be worked hard to "match its official zero to 62mph time of 10.1secs".

That's followed by a 1.4-litre TFSI motor with 148bhp with a zero to 62mph of 8.5secs, adds the website. It's paired to a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic gearbox, although a six-speed manual can be specced for "hands-on involvement".

Topping the range of petrol engines is a 187bhp 2.0-litre turbo motor that comes with an all-wheel drive system.

"The best all-round engine in the range is the 1.6 TDI diesel," What Car? tells readers. This engine sits at the bottom of the diesel line-up and is mated to a manual gearbox, with an automatic version available as an optional extra.

There's also a 148bhp 2.0-litre diesel option, which the website says "delivers quite effortless pace, whether you are driving in town or on the motorway". However, it adds that this engine is only available on mid-spec cars and up, so it could be a pricey option for some.

Quattro all-wheel-drive

Front wheel drive versions of the Q2 are likely to dominate sales and be the most popular choices, though all-wheel-drive will be available of you need it. Right now, an all-wheel-drive system can be found on the 2.0-litre TDI, though next year's 2.0-litre TFSI petrol will get the drivetrain too.

CO2 and efficiency

Audi has yet to release full CO2 and MPG ratings for the upcoming Q2, but the engines it uses can be found in a number of the firm's other cars. These offer a glimpse of what buyers can expect efficiency wise when full details are revealed later this year and the order book for the small crossover opens.

CarBuyer gives a helpful account of what buyers can expect. The tiny 1.0-litre TFSI three cylinder returns 62.3mpg when fitted to Audi's A3 hatchback, with CO2 figures of 104g/km. Expect it to be slightly less efficient in the Q2 owing to the car's shape, with MPG figures dipping under 60mpg on a combined run. This could push the CO2 emissions over the 110g/km threshold at an annual Vehicle Excise Duty of £30.

As for the 1.4-litre TFSI petrol, it makes use of cylinder deactivation technology – shutting down two of the engine's cylinders when the engine is under-stressed and they aren't needed as a way of saving fuel. This engine comes in Audi's smallest hatchback, the A1, and it delivers 58.9mpg. It's also available in the larger Q3 crossover – the car destined to sit right above the Q2 in the range – returning 51.4mpg. As such, expect MPG to be in the mid 50's.

The tax bill could be £110 a year though – the added size and weight of the Q3 means that it produces 127g/km compared to the same engine in the A1. In the Q2, it could easily be over the 120g/km threshold.

Diesel engines will be the most popular choices on the Q2, and CarBuyer says that both the 1.6 and 2.0-litre TDIs should produce between 65-75mpg officially, with lower CO2 figures, for tiny tax bills.

Trim levels

The entry level Q2s will come in SE trim, with 16ins alloy wheels as standard, as well as grey blade C-pillars, a seven-inch infotainment screen and Audi's pre-sense city braking and collision avoidance system. Those bumping their orders up to Q2 Sport trim will get 17ins wheels as standard, as well as sports seats and ice-silver detailing on their blade panel.

At launch, Q2 S-Line will make for the range-topping cars. These will get 18ins wheels, with 19ins alloys available to spec. The blade C-pillar changes colour, this time to a titanium shade, and LED headlights come as a part of the package. Buyers can spec or remove the firmer sports suspension setup and partial leather interior. Audi's progressive steering will come as standard on all versions.

Prices and release

The order books are open and customers will get hold of their Q2s this November.

Prices start from £20,230 for the 1.0-litre TFSI in SE trim level. However, you'll have to wait a little longer for the entry-level car to go on sale, alongside the 2.0-litre TDI, which will be priced from £26,930 in Sport trim.

The first two engines on offer make up the car's mid-range. The 1.4-litre TFSI with 148bhp will go on sale from £22,380 in SE trim, with the less powerful 1.6-litre TDI priced at £100 more. These are the only two cars where you'll be offered a choice when it comes to gearboxes. Equipping the seven-speed S-Tronic box is a £1,550 premium. Entry level 1.0-litre cars are six-speed manual only, while the 2.0-litre TDI comes with the S-Tronic box as standard.

Opting for Sport trim over the standard SE spec level on the 1.0-litre, 1.4-litre and 1.6-litre is also a £1,550 premium and top trim S-Line cars with an exclusive body kit, 18ins alloys, LED lighting and partial leather interior command £2,250 over the price you'll pay for an equivalent Sport car.

The range tops out at £30,610 for the 2.0-litre TDI in S-Line trim, with Quattro all-wheel drive specced, although there will be a more expensive, limited edition model on sale in September.

Called the Q2 Edition #1, it will come with exclusive trims, paints, alloys, and contrasting stitching on the seats and start at £31,170.

Reviews

Auto Express says that Audi's new crossover has been worth the wait. The price tag may be high compared to rivals in the small crossover class, but if you're willing to part with a little more cash, you get genuine big car spoils and quality, wrapped up in a stylish design.

The car's interior is one of its trump cards. It's similar to the quality cabins you'll find on other small Audis, but the Q2's colourful dashboard inserts and youthful extras "lift what would otherwise be a pretty conservative design".

What Car? Certainly thinks Audi's new baby is up to scratch and gives the Q2 four stars out of five.

The magazine says the car company has built a "desirable and fine-driving small SUV with a stunning interior" and that it is sure to entice buyers looking for quality above all else.

While the funky, youthful exterior may not appeal to all, the Q2's cabin is brilliant, it adds. You'd expect no less in an Audi, as its interiors have gained a reputation for faultless build quality and premium, well-crafted materials. There's not much on the market that can rival it, says the magazine.

The Virtual Cockpit display is also recommended as being worth the extra cash.

The magazine recommends the 1.6 TDI and says the driving experience is also fun, as the car takes corners with plenty of grip and traction. What Car? also found that with the progressive steering system, the Q2 is an easy car to manoeuvre at slow speeds.

The ride quality – and expensive price tag – are the only things stopping the new Audi from getting a five out of five rating, it says, adding that the Q2's standard suspension setup is a little firm and it's easily the most expensive car in its class.

Top Gear's verdict is pretty straightforward - because the Q2 is a pretty straightforward car. It "feels like a subtle repackaging of the A3 Sportback – a new 'top hat' if you like, perched on the versatile MQB box of bits", it says.

It's "not revolutionary in any particular area", but it needn't be, continues the mag, which concludes the Q2 is an accomplished small crossover and "precisely what customers are clambering for" while being different enough to stand out in what's becoming a crowded market.

The Q2's cabin - a "pleasant place to be" - shares the "uncluttered" design of others in the range, says Evo, although it notes that while the interior is "largely tasteful and appealing", there are a few "gimmicky" brightly coloured lights and "contrasting panels".

The strong first impression continues on the road, with the magazine saying the suspension "absorbs" defects in the road in all of its driving modes. The ride can be a bit "fidgety" in the sports mode, it adds, but it is far from "unacceptably harsh".

Buyers can expect a safe and comfortable car to drive, says CarBuyer, although the crossover is "not hugely involving". There's "commendably little body lean" through corners and the optional seven-speed automatic is easy to recommend over the six-speed manual.

The 405-litre boot "comfortably outstrips" the Nissan Juke, says the site, and there's plenty of space for six-feet tall adults in "relative comfort". Passengers in the rear, however, may find their "knees brushing" up against the back of the front seats and the middle seat is a little cramped.


~_~


Deadline for entries is 23:59 GMT on Saturday 3 December. You need to register once and then sign into theguardian.com to enter our online competition for £100 monthly prize. Click here to register.

The solution indicated by the wordplay in each of the 26 clues is lacking a required letter. Each letter of the alphabet is missing from a particular clue, though in four cases it is missing twice and in one case four times.

Deadline for entries is 23:59 GMT on Saturday 1 October. You need to register once and then sign in to theguardian.com to enter our online competition for a £100 monthly prize. Click here to register.


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~



As the pound languishes against the euro, British travellers are now benefiting from one welcome development: the abolition of roaming charges for using their phones across Europe.

The EU started putting the squeeze on intra-European roaming charges a decade ago, with a series of increasingly stringent price caps. From 15 June 2017, the final step in the European Commission’s clampdown takes effect.

The slogan used is “Roam Like at Home”, and Brussels promises “no bill shock anymore”. But there are still pitfalls that could leave holidaymakers seriously out of pocket.

Have roaming charges been abolished?

Within the 28 countries of the European Union, yes, roaming charges are no more. You do not need to set anything up; wherever you are in the EU, you will be treated as though you are in your home country. The mobile phone operator simply charges you domestic rates, or takes your roaming consumption from the allowances in your domestic mobile tariff.

But there are a couple of fair-use caveats, and, as not all European countries are covered, you could still inadvertently rack up high charges.

What’s the fair-use catch?

Two clauses are intended to ensure “fair use”. The first covers data roaming. While you can make as many voice calls and send as many texts as you like at domestic prices, there are special rules for data use. Beyond “a reasonably high volume” of roaming data at domestic rates, you may have to pay a data roaming surcharge of about £8.30 per gigabyte (€7.70/GB plus VAT). This will fall by 22 per cent next year, and continue to decline thereafter.

The second clause is intended to dissuade people from taking out a contract in a low-cost country (eg Bulgaria or Romania) and using it at home. The principle is: if you spend more time abroad than at home, and you use your mobile phone more abroad than at home, the mobile operator may impose roaming charges – which themselves are capped at roughly the 2016/17 levels.

Each time you cross an internal EU border, you should get a text message from your mobile operator to say that you’re roaming and reminding you of its fair-use policy.

If I’m in Spain and call a Spanish number, is it now treated as a local call?

Yes, even though the European Commission says: “The prices of calls from home to a foreign country, including in the EU, are not regulated.” In fact, the term “Roam Like at Home” is not quite accurate; the correct version should be “Roam More Cheaply than you do at Home”. As Money Saving Expert has pointed out, calls to any EU country are now really cheap – so long as you make them from any EU country that isn’t the UK.

What are the roaming rules for non-EU countries?

This is where it gets tricky. The three non-EU countries in the European Economic Area – Iceland, Norway and plucky Liechtenstein – will introduce Roam Like at Home “shortly after 15 June”, according to Brussels. But there are many other countries and territories that are not automatically covered by the new rules, including Switzerland, Monaco, Andorra and several Eastern European nations, as well as the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.

There is no consistency among operators about applying the same basic European rules to these destinations. For example, O2’s “Europe Zone” excludes Switzerland, Monaco, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.

When travelling anywhere outside the EEA, you should check exactly what your operator plans to charge you. If your operator charges, hook up to free WiFi in a cafe or hotel, and use a free or nearly free calling service such as Skype or WhatsApp. Or you could use a local payphone, if you can find one...

Turkey, where around 1.5 million British holidaymakers are expected to go this summer, is a particular concern: several operators apply charges that are completely disproportionate to the cost of providing the service. For example EE levies a fee of £1.50 per minute to make or receive calls and 50p for each text sent by customers on monthly contracts. Heading for Cyprus? You could inadvertently find you have joined a Turkish network, who provide services north of the “Green Line” on the divided island.

Do roaming fees apply on a ferry or cruise?

Yes, and they can be painfully high. Most European ferries and cruises in the Mediterranean, the Baltic and across the English Channel are between EU ports, but when you are offshore and using a satellite link to the ship, “roam like at home” does not apply. There are no caps on what the operator can charge: £3 a minute to make or receive calls is common, and data may be spectacularly expensive.

To stay in touch, you could use the on-board WiFi – which could still be pricey – for data use and make calls via Skype or WhatsApp. Or switch to manually selected networks to make sure your phone doesn’t select the ship’s high-tariff satellite link. Or just turn the thing off and enjoy the voyage.

What happens after Brexit?

No one knows. As citizens of a non-EU country, the British will have no automatic right to roam free telephonically.

Abta, the travel association, has demanded “we retain this highly valuable and pragmatic EU-level agreement once we leave the EU”.

It is possible that the UK will negotiate equivalent measures, or conversely that mobile-phone operators may reintroduce onerous charges. The eventual settlement is likely to be somewhere between the two.


~_~


China invites medical experts from the United States and Germany to help treat dissident Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo for cancer. As Reuters Christian Shepherd explains, the country is softening of its stance ahead of this week's G20 summit in Germany.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.


~_~


The most beautiful airports to land at have been announced in a new survey - and the UK and Ireland are home to three of the top 10


~_~


Spring has officially sprung this week, which means that holidays close to home without weather warnings are becoming a distinct possibility. To mark the change of season, we asked Peter Irvine, author of new book Scotland the Best 100 Places, to pick the unknown spots that'll make a trip up north different from the usual lochs and Highlands routes.

The road trip motel: Mhor 84

Formerly a run-down roadside hotel, Mhor 84 has been transformed into a trendy motel, part of the ever stylish Mhor group (that also includes the well-known boutique hotel Monachyle Mhor). In fact, it was renovated so well that it’s now a destination in itself. Proudly advertising itself as a motel, this is as far from the mom and pop joints of Route 66 as you can get, and it’s the perfect stopover for Scotland’s dramatic west coast.

The gallery: Jupiter Artland

Based just outside Edinburgh, Jupiter Artland is a serene, psychedelic outdoor gallery that showcases some of the best in contemporary art and design. There’s work from the likes of Antony Gormley, Anish Kapoor and Marc Quinn, as well as tours, trails, and a programme of talks and events that run throughout the year.

Secret Scotland







+ show all Secret Scotland















1/9 Scarista is one of the most pristine beaches in the UK Ian Macrae Young / Scottish Viewpoint

2/9 Mhor 84: not your typical motel Kane Rutherford

3/9 Cake with bird-watching at Inshriach Potting Shed Janeanne Gilchrist

4/9 Knoydart, one of Scotland's last wildernesses Murdo MacLeod

5/9 Jupiter Artland has the works of the likes of Anish Kapoor and Antony Gormley outside Edinburg Douglas Corrance

6/9 Hebcelt takes over the island of Lewis each year Eric Mackinnon / Stornoway Gazzette

7/9 Gourock's midnight swims are popular with locals, maybe because the water's heated Angie Freeman

8/9 The ultimate romantic retreat: Blackhouse Village Paul Tomkins / Scottish Viewpoint

9/9 Barrowlands is a UK nightlife legend Martin Gray / Courtesy of Glasgow Barrowland Ballroom

The beach: Scarista

South Harris is home to some of Scotland’s most breath-taking and pristine beaches. Situated on the island’s Atlantic coast, Scarista beach is one of the most beautiful stretches of sand in the Outer Hebrides. Relax, enjoy the views and stay for the spectacular sunsets.

The club: Barrowlands

Regarded by many people as one of the best (if not the best) music venues in the UK, Glasgow’s Barrowlands is a live music institution. Steeped in rock ‘n’ roll history, the former ballroom re-opened as a live music venue in 1983, since when thousands of bands that have passed through its doors. Its legendary reputation is perhaps due to the unique combination of orchestral acoustics, a sprung dance floor and the reliably rowdy Glasgow audiences.

Outdoor swimming pools in Scotland are a thing (don't worry, this is heated) ( Angie Freeman)

The pool: Gourock

Outdoor pools in Scotland: as unlikely as it seems, they do exist, and they’re popular, too. Gourock Pool opened in 1909 and is still going strong – although maybe that’s because it’s heated. Open May to September, the pool offers midnight swimming sessions every Wednesday for those preferring a swim under the stars to Glasgow’s club scene.

The festival: Hebcelt

HebCelt is a world-renowned celebration of Celtic music, attracting music lovers from all over the world. The festival has taken place every year on the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides since its inception in 1996. Set in the grounds of Lewis Castle, HebCelt takes over the whole town, bringing a carnival-styleatmosphere to the island. It’s the perfect place to soak up the best in Gaelic and world music against the backdrop of some of Scotland’s most spectacular shoreline.

The holiday cottages: Blackhouse Village

Another top hit on Lewis, The Blackhouse Village is unlike any other ‘holiday village’: a collection of squat, thatched cottages offering a truly authentic Scottish getaway. While basic, they make for deceptively cosy and rather romantic retreats – with the crashing Atlantic on your doorstep you’ll feel a world away from the hustle and bustle of the city.

The Walk: Knoydart

Looking for the ultimate opportunity to get away from it all? Knoydart – a peninsula over the Sound of Sleat – is often called Britain’s last true wilderness. No roads lead to Knoydart – instead, you’ll need to make the seventeen-mile hike from Kinloch Hourn. But it’s well worth it – once there, the views, atmosphere and sheer isolation are unrivalled.

A tea room with a view at Insriach Potting Shed ( Janeanne Gilchrist )

The tea break: Inshriach Potting Shed

For a little slice of calm in Scotland’s wilder territories, Inshriach Nursery, which opened in 1938, has transformed an old potting shed into a tearoom offering many a tasty treat. But it’s not as twee as it sounds; outside, you’re looking at a mesmerizing and ever-changing commotion of birds and red squirrels in the surrounding woodlands. RSPB members have voted it one of the best places to see wild birds in the UK.

The secret garden: The Garden of Cosmic Speculation

In the grounds of an unsuspecting Georgian farmhouse north of Dumfries, lies an astonishing, extra-terrestrial garden of bridges, landforms and sculptures, created by American architectural theorist and landscape artist Charles Jencks. These beautifully crafted, ground-breaking gardens were created in 1988 as a tribute to Jencks’ wife Maggie and are open to the public a mere one day a year through the Scottish Garden Scheme.


~_~


The proportion of those who thought they had “good” or “very good” value is now at 35 per cent – the lowest level record - compared to more than 50 per cent five years ago.

In the biggest sector-wide survey of its kind, more than 14,000 undergraduates were asked questions on how hard they felt they were working and how satisfied they were with their lives, as well as their thoughts on recent government policies.

While the majority said they had learned “a lot”, and teaching quality appears to be improving year on year, perceptions of value for money was highlighted as a major concern among analysts.

The survey, from Higher Education Policy Unit and the Higher Education Academy also found student wellbeing to have declined overall, with just 14 per cent saying they felt satisfied with their lives.

Young women and LGBT students at university are particularly likely to feel unhappy, the survey found.

As in previous years, the majority of respondents were in favour of tuition fees being scrapped, and three-quarters of students felt that the new Teaching Excellence Framework-linked fee rises should not apply.

Students from ethnic minority backgrounds were found to be among the least satisfied, with just 11 per cent of Chinese students, 14 per cent of Asian and 18 per cent of black students agreeing with the statement “I have sufficient access to academic staff outside class”, compared with 21 per cent of their white peers.

QS World University Rankings 2018







+ show all QS World University Rankings 2018

















1/10 1. Massachusetts Institute of Technology (US) The Massachusetts Institute of Technology remains in first place, according to the global rankings Flickr/Justin Jensen

2/10 2. Stanford University (US) Stanford University remains the second best institution globally Flickr/Franco Folini

3/10 3. Harvard University (US) Harvard University ranks in third place - the same as last year Flickr/Michael Hicks

4/10 4. California Institute of Technology (US) The California Institute of Technology jumps to fourth place up from fifth last year. Sited in Pasadena, it places strong emphasis on science and engineering. Caltech/Wiki Commons

5/10 5. Cambridge University (UK) Cambridge University falls to fifth place this year, despite remaining the UK's top institution Flickr/John Menard

6/10 6. Oxford University (UK) Oxford University remains in sixth place worldwide Flickr/Tejvan Pettinger

7/10 7. University College London (UK) UCL remains in 7th place globally, despite being beaten in UK rankings this year by St Andrew's University, Durham, Imperial College and LSE. Getty Images/iStockphoto

8/10 8. Imperial College London (UK) Imperial College London jumps to eight place this year, up from ninth in 2017. The university fell by one place in the Times Higher Education rankings this year. Getty Images

9/10 9. Chicago University (US) Chicago University is consistently rated as one of the world’s top 10 universities. This year, it rises up one place to 9th.

10/10 10. ETH Zurich (Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, CH) The highest ranking university outside the US and UK, The(Swiss Federal Institute of Technology specialises in engineering, science, technology, mathematics and management.

Just 24 per cent of Asian students, 29 per cent of Chinese and 33 per cent of black students were of the belief their course was good value, compared to 36 per cent of white undergraduates.

Responding to the findings, Nick Hillman, Director of Hepi and co-author of the report, said much of the story was “positive”, but stressed that students were still less happy and more anxious than non-students.

“The survey proves beyond all doubt that the student experience differs depending on ethnicity, the type of accommodation and sexual orientation,” he said.

“Such factors have a direct impact on how engaged students are with their studies as well as on their overall quality of life. For a truly great academic experience, we need to think ever more deeply about how to respond to the individual characteristics of each student.”

Student numbers overall have taken a hit in the past year, with the total number of UK applicants falling five per cent on last year.

Those applying for places from other EU countries are also down by seven per cent – the first decrease in almost a decade.

Industry leaders have blamed rising tuition fees and threats to the reputation of UK universities as a result of Brexit for the fall in interest.

World university rankings published this week found the UK’s top institutions are slipping down the league tables, but analysts warned cuts to funding were more likely to blame than last year’s referendum.

Speaking ahead of Thursday’s general election vote, Mr Hillman added: “The election has seen a lively battle for student votes.

“Students want universities to provide information on where fees go, taxpayers to cover more of the costs and policymakers to provide stronger arguments for future fee rises. Above all, the Survey confirms higher education transforms lives but also that it does not currently help all students equally.’

Dame Julia Goodfellow, the president of Universities UK and vice-chancellor of the University of Kent, said: “Universities have increased investment in teaching and learning and are continuing to respond to student feedback.

"Students are now reporting record levels of satisfaction with their courses across all the UK’s universities, and that is down to the hard work and commitment of university staff.”


~_~


Azarenka was asked if Federer had inspired her as a new mother on tour —unsurprisingly, she gave the question short shrift Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images

Tennis’s colonisation of the airwaves over Wimbledon fortnight has not been confined to the BBC: viewers of Channel 4’s Countdown will have seen Greg Rusedski join Susie Dent in Dictionary Corner this week. Rusedski brought a square-jawed charm to the role and assisted Dent on such impressive finds as “postage”, “sloshed” and “ballon” (a technical ballet term, apparently).

Age rules out doubles ace

The announcement of the entry lists for the invitational doubles threw up one notable absentee: for the first time in 25 years, the name of Mansour Bahrami is missing. The Iranian has recently celebrated his 61st birthday and thereby falls foul of the All England Club’s age limit. “There was hope this might be adjusted, but the rule-book won,” said Bahrami, who…


~_~


A logo of Konica Minolta is pictured at a trade show for Japan's manufacturing industry in Tokyo June 20, 2012. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao

TOKYO Konica Minolta Inc (4902.T) said it was purchasing U.S. diagnostics company Ambry Genetics in a deal valued at up to $1 billion - an acquisition that marks a strategic shift for the Japanese firm's healthcare business as it seeks a leading position in precision medicine.

The deal is the largest ever for the photocopier maker, which has been seeking to diversify away its office equipment business. It pulled out of cameras about a decade ago.

Konica Minolta said its advanced imaging technology complemented privately held Ambry's genetic testing capabilities, with initial applications for combining the technologies seen in diagnosing hereditary cancer.

"Together with Ambry, we will have the most comprehensive set of diagnostic technologies for mapping an individual's genetic and biochemical makeup," Chief Executive Shoei Yamana said in a statement.

In a transaction that will be partially funded by a Japanese state-backed fund, Konica Minolta said $800 million would paid in cash upon closure of the deal while $200 million could be paid over two years depending on financial performance.

Konica Minolta, which has a market value of around $4 billion, will account for 60 percent of the investment, with the fund, the Innovation Network Corp of Japan (INCJ) accounting for the remaining 40 percent.

INCJ, which was set up to help struggling Japanese companies, said it wanted to support the growth of the nation's medical industry. The state-backed fund is also part of the consortium picked as preferred bidder in the $18 billion sale of Toshiba Corp's (6502.T) chip unit.

(Reporting by Sam Nussey; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)


~_~


South Korean barista Lee Kang-bin is pioneering "CreamArt" by drawing intricate designs on the layer of steamed milk that sits atop a coffee.

Mr Kang-bin's astounding creations include miniature imitations of famous paintings such as Vincent Van Gogh’s "The Starry Night" and "The Scream" by Edvard Munch.

Mr Kang-bin carefully etches the beautiful creations into the frothy layer on the top of a coffee using cream tinged with a palette of food dyes.

The delicate artistry takes him 15 minutes to complete and the coffees are sold for 10,000 won (£6.74) a cup at his shop "Café C. Through" in Seoul.

Disney favourites Bambi, Snow White and Winnie the Pooh also feature alongside startlingly realistic versions of Edgar Degas’s dancers and Leonardo DiCaprio portraits.

"One time I drew 'The Starry Night' and it looked so special as the famous painting placed on top of coffee. After that, lots of people ordered that coffee," Mr Kang-bin told Reuters.

On Instagram 161,000 users follow his CreamArt and frequently request versions of their favourite art works.

Despite never formally learning how to draw, his masterful designs have earned him a judge's seat at latte art competitions around the world.

Mr Kang-bin has been brewing coffee since he was 17 years old. He began making coffee while completing his compulsory military service and decided to buy his own machine and open a café for other soldiers in his camp.

South Korea is a new hub for the latte art scene with per capita coffee consumption almost doubling since 1990, according to the International Coffee Organisation.

Recent customer Kim Su-Kyung told Reuters: "I heard (on TV) that this barista draws these kinds of famous paintings. I think he has very talented hands."


~_~


This week I joined an exclusive club, a club with a very lucrative and specific membership list.



Having been elected as the President of the University of Salford’s Student Union and a National Executive Councillor of the NUS, I was chosen by the tabloid press for scrutiny.



The headlines started rolling in when tweets that I wrote as a teenager, at the beginning of sixth form college, caught people’s attention. The adolescent comments of a young girl were twisted to make them seem far more sinister than they ever were intended to be. “If I was President I’d oppress white people just to give them a taste of what they put us through! LMFAO” said one. In another, I said everyone should read the Quran; a separate one said that I didn’t think girls could be friends with guys and that there should be “boundaries” in those sorts of friendships because it was “Islamically not correct”.



There’s no doubt this collection of social media posts was supposed to make me seem like a fanatical Muslim and a threat to British society. I find it strange that I even have to clarify this, but for the avoidance of doubt I will (again): the comments clearly do not reflect my views today.

Muslim acid attack victim: 'I believe it was a hate crime'

In 2012, when the tweets were written, I was just 16 years old. I was struggling with my view of the world and my place in it. I was grappling with the deep injustices I could see around me and trying to figure out how I could make the world a better place.



For almost all teenagers who have gone through and will go through the same struggles and growth as I did, they will have the luxury of never having to worry about comments they made being dragged up years later.



For Muslims who take public roles in society – specifically, in this case, a black Muslim woman – it's not so simple.



It feels like the aim of this sort of article is to make politically active Muslims feel unwelcome in the public sphere. And it’s working. For 48 hours, I have had to sift through comments of hate, rape and death threats and attempts to intimidate me out of the public discourse. But I won’t be silenced.



I’m not the only target, of course. The press is full of attacks on young people like me, particularly within the student movement. It’s unfair and unnecessary treatment.



I said these things when I was young, impressionable and still developing my personality and opinions. In trying to paint me in this way, they failed to mention so much of who I am and what I do. In the past two years, I have done a wide variety of work on my campus and in the community in the hope for equality.

Muslim woman engages passionately with Camden Council leader Georgia Gould

They failed to mention that I volunteered at Bolton Solidarity Community Association, an organisation that exists to promote diversity and inclusivity. They failed to mention that I work with the Ramadan Tent Project, an interfaith initiative aiming to bring people from all walks of life together to share meals and conversations. They failed to mention that I was elected onto a national anti-racism and anti-fascist committee to tackle extremism in all its forms and protect all marginalised groups.

Young Muslims like me, who want to get involved in our communities and be politically active, are all too often shown that the minute we edge our toes out of private spheres, people will begin to riffle through everything we have ever said, done or thought just to discredit us. It’s a scary place to be when you’re at the beginning of your career.

Muslim Council of Britain: Newspapers are helping to spread Islamophobia

I am still learning and fighting the injustices around me. I will always try to make my society and world around me a better place. But this is not the picture that the right-wing media wants to portray of young Muslims. They often paint us as caricatures undeserving of empathy or understanding.They want to deny our humanity because they want you to be afraid of us.

We cannot allow this situation and allow this cycle to continue in Britain today. Because the first step of solving any problem is admitting there is one.

Zamzam Ibrahim is President of the University of Salford Student Union and is on the NEC of the National Union of Students


~_~


Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.


~_~


Day

3

This morning we approach Victoria Falls for an outstanding guided walking tour. The area around the falls is surrounded by a unique, lush rainforest eco-system, watered by the fine spray rising from the falls. As we pass through several rainbows arching through the mist, the roar of the falls intensifies and conversation becomes virtually impossible. The anticipation mounts and on your first view, you will fully appreciate why this is truly one of the wonders of the natural world! During low water flow, an optional boat trip is available to Livingstone Island from where the famous explorer himself first saw the falls. For the ultimate view you can take a helicopter or even a ‘micro-light’ aircraft flight (essentially a powered hang-glider) on an optional ‘Flight of Angels’ tour. During the afternoon we drive west parallel to the Zambezi until it joins the Chobe River, actually forming the Botswana border, which we cross on small open speedboats. We stay three nights half board at the four-star Chobe Safari Lodge (some groups may stay at the four-star Mowana Lodge), beautifully located overlooking the river itself. All the air-conditioned rooms are well furnished in an African theme and river-facing. The lodge, with its high-ceilinged thatch-roofed public areas blends superbly with the natural surroundings. It also has a lovely swimming pool overlooking the river and an open-air bar and restaurant.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.


~_~


Exclusive - Saba Capital, famed for 'London Whale' bet, to shut London office: sources

LONDON New York-based Saba Capital Management, famed for its winning bet against the JPMorgan Chase trader known as the 'London Whale', is closing its office in London's Mayfair district, two sources close to the situation told Reuters.


~_~


路透联合国7月5日 - 美国周三警告称，如果为了阻止朝鲜核导弹计划而必须使用武力，将会这么做。但美国同时表示，更希望针对朝鲜不顾外界劝阻而发射导弹的行为采取全球性外交行动。

美国驻联合国大使黑利(Nikki Haley)在联合国安理会的一个会议上表示，朝鲜的行动正在“迅速关闭外交解决的可能性”，美国准备保护自己和盟友。

“我们的能力之一在于我们拥有相当强大的军事力量。如果我们必须使用武力，我们将会使用，但我们不希望不得不朝这个方向走，”黑利表示。她敦促朝鲜的唯一主要盟友--中国采取更多行动来约束朝鲜。

朝鲜的导弹计划又迈出重大一步，该国于周二试射一枚洲际弹道导弹，一些专家认为，该导弹射程可达美国阿拉斯加和夏威夷，或许还可达到美国西北部太平洋沿岸地区。

朝鲜称，此次试射的导弹可携带大型核弹头。

这次试射对美国总统特朗普而言是一个直接挑战。特朗普曾誓言要防范朝鲜拥有以核导弹打击美国的能力。

他一再敦促中国向朝鲜领导人施压，要求朝鲜放弃核计划。

黑利称，未来几天美国将建议联合国对朝鲜实施新的制裁，并警告称如果没有得到俄罗斯和中国的支持，那么“我们将按我们自己的方式来处理”。

她并未提供新制裁提议的细节，但列举了可能的选项。

黑利表示，“国际社会可切断朝鲜的主要硬通货来源。我们可以限制其军方和武器计划的燃油供应。我们可以加强航空和海运的限制。我们也可以将朝鲜高级官员列入制裁名单。”

外交人士称中国政府并未完全执行对朝鲜现有的国际制裁措施，并反对更为严厉的制裁举措，如石油禁运、禁止朝鲜航班入境和劳务输出、禁止中资银行和其他企业与朝鲜开展业务。

黑利表示，“联合国制裁能否全面执行主要取决于中国。”

美国官员表示，美国可能采取单边行动，并制裁更多的与朝鲜有业务往来的中国企业，特别是银行。

中国常驻联合国代表刘结一在安理会表示，朝鲜此次发射导弹是“公然违反”联合国决议，且“不能接受”。

他表示，“我们呼吁有关各方保持克制，避免挑衅行为和敌对语言，展现出无条件对话和努力缓和紧张局势的意愿。”(完)


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


"Amazing Thailand" - so the slogan goes. But while Thailand shines brightly on many fronts – its exuberant capital, mesmerising beaches, bucolic countryside, lip-smacking food – it is mirrored by a dark side, a far cry from the tourism authority's vision of paradise.

During my years living in the Land of Smiles, I heard almost daily tales of horrific motorbike, car, boat and bus accidents, scams and property frauds, drownings and diving incidents, stabbings, suicides and highly-suspicious deaths. Most distressing among them were the murders of British youngsters Hannah Witheridge and David Miller, who were brutally killed on the southern island of Koh Tao in 2014. At the time of the event, I was asked by an international news agency to gather some quotes from foreigners living on the island.

Resting in the Gulf of Thailand, a two-hour ferry ride north of Koh Samui, Koh Tao is best known for its incredible marine life, which over the years has attracted a small but buoyant expat community of around 2,000 people, many of whom run dive centres, restaurants and B&Bs. But my requests to long-time residents and business owners were met with fear, as they made it quite clear they felt their lives would be in danger if they spoke on the record. Off the record, however, they told of an island held in the iron grip of a mafia family, who demanded protection money, controlled the local police force and were not above attacking or burning down the homes and businesses of people that crossed them.

Later, the investigation into Ms Witheridge and Mr Miller's murders was widely criticised, with the police accused of incompetence, mismanagement and the scapegoating of two Burmese migrant workers, who are now awaiting the death penalty. With attention focused on the island, a number of other disturbing deaths soon came to light, including that of Nick Pearson, from Derby, who police concluded had fallen from cliffs and then drowned, and French tourist Dimitri Povse, who was found hanged with his hands tied behind his back. Since then, I have refused to visit the island, have strongly advised friends and family not to go and have declined to include Koh Tao in any of my travel-related articles. The recent discovery of the body of Elise Dallemange, the seventh young backpacker to have died in suspicious circumstances in just three years, has only strengthened my belief that Koh Tao is a place to be avoided at all costs.

Koh Tao may be beautiful but is allegedly controlled by a mafia family (Rex)

But while Koh Tao appears particularly troubling, corruption and mafia connections are not unique to the island. It's an open-secret that many of Thailand's most popular tourist resorts, including Phuket, Koh Samui and Phi Phi, are run by powerful families who control everything – from which vendors can sell pineapples on the beach to human trafficking, prostitution, and land rights. I was told by the general manager of one five-star hotel in Phuket that they had to include kick-back money in their budget to allow for building to go ahead.

Within a few weeks of arriving in the south, I also learnt that taxis are mafia controlled and charge up to 10 times more than you would pay in Bangkok; jet-ski operators are notorious for intimidating tourists into paying for fictional damages – never leave your passport as security – and if you do have a problem, the police are unlikely to help, although you should always report any crimes committed against you, for insurance purposes if nothing else. Violent attacks on women are also common enough for the Foreign Office to offer this advice:

“Violent sexual assaults and unprovoked attacks have been reported in popular tourist destinations, including in the Koh Samui archipelago and Krabi province. These are particularly common during the monthly Full Moon parties and generally occur late at night near bars.”

British family beaten unconscious at Thai beach resort

The FCO goes on to state: “Drink spiking has been reported in tourist destinations around Thailand, with both male and female victims. Be careful about taking drinks from strangers and at clubs and parties, or leaving your drinks unattended, particularly in Koh Samui, Pattaya and at the Full Moon party on Koh Phangan, where date rapes have been reported.”

World news in pictures







+ show all World news in pictures































































































































1/65 5 July 2017 A member of the Iraqi security forces runs with his weapon during a fight between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants in the Old City of Mosul, Iraq.

2/65 5 July 2017 A U.S. MGM-140 Army Tactical Missile is fired during the combined military exercise between the U.S. and South Korea against North Korea at an undisclosed location in South Korea A.P

3/65 4 July 2017 North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un looks on during the test-fire of inter-continental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 Reuters

4/65 4 July 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during a signing ceremony following the talks at the Kremlin Reuters

5/65 3 July 2017 Belarussian servicemen march during a military parade as part of celebrations marking the Independence Day in Minsk, Belarus Reuters

6/65 3 July 2017 Ambulance cars and fire engines are seen near the site where a coach burst into flames after colliding with a lorry on a motorway near Muenchberg, Germany Reuters

7/65 2 July 2017 Protesters demonstrating against the upcoming G20 economic summit ride boats on Inner Alster lake during a protest march in Hamburg, Germany. Hamburg will host the upcoming G20 summit and is expecting heavy protests throughout. Getty Images

8/65 1 July 2017 Protesters carry a large image of jailed Chinese Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo as they march during the annual pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong. Thousands joined an annual protest march in Hong Kong, hours after Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped up his visit to the city by warning against challenges to Beijing's sovereignty. AP

9/65 30 June 2017 Jockey Andrea Coghe of "Selva" (Forest) parish rides his horse during the first practice for the Palio Horse Race in Siena, Italy June 30, 2017 Reuters

10/65 30 June 2017 A man takes pictures with a phone with a Union Flag casing after Chinese President Xi Jinping (not pictured) inspected troops at the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison as part of events marking the 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June 30, 2017 Reuters

11/65 29 June 2017 A protester against U.S. President Donald Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, holds a sign next to protesters supporting the ban, in New York City, U.S., June 29, 2017 Reuters

12/65 29 June 2017 Israeli Air Force Efroni T-6 Texan II planes perform at an air show during the graduation of new cadet pilots at Hatzerim base in the Negev desert, near the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva AFP/Getty Images

13/65 28 June 2017 A woman gestures next to people spraying insecticide on a vehicle during a mosquito-control operation led by Ivory Coast's National Public and Health Institute in Bingerville, near Abidjan where several cases of dengue fever were reported AFP/Getty Images

14/65 28 June 2017 An aerial view shows women swimming in the Yenisei River on a hot summer day, with the air temperature at about 32 degrees Celsius (89.6 degrees Fahrenheit), outside Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, Russia, June 28, 2017 Reuters

15/65 27 June 2017 A Libyan coast guardsman watches over as illegal immigrants arrive to land in a dinghy during the rescue of 147 people who attempted to reach Europe off the coastal town of Zawiyah, 45 kilometres west of the capital Tripoli, on June 27, 2017. More than 8,000 migrants have been rescued in waters off Libya during the past 48 hours in difficult weather conditions, Italy's coastguard said on June 27, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

16/65 27 June 2017 Investigators work at the scene of a car bomb explosion which killed Maxim Shapoval, a high-ranking official involved in military intelligence, in Kiev, Ukraine, June 27, 2017 Reuters

17/65 26 June 2017 A man leaves after voting in the Mongolian presidential election at the Erdene Sum Ger (Yurt) polling station in Tuul Valley. Mongolians cast ballots on June 26 to choose between a horse breeder, a judoka and a feng shui master in a presidential election rife with corruption scandals and nationalist rhetoric AFP/Getty Images

18/65 26 June 2017 People attend Eid al-Fitr prayers to mark the end of the holy fasting month of Ramadan at a play ground in the suburb of Sale, Morocco REUTERS

19/65 25 June 2017 A plain-clothes police officer kicks a member of a group of LGBT rights activist as Turkish police prevent them from going ahead with a Gay Pride annual parade on 25 June 2017 in Istanbul, a day after it was banned by the city governor's office. AFP/Getty Images

20/65 25 June 2017 Pakistan army soldiers stands guard while rescue workers examine the site of an oil tanker explosion at a highway near Bahawalpur, Pakistan. An overturned oil tanker burst into flames in Pakistan on Sunday, killing more than one hundred people who had rushed to the scene of the highway accident to gather leaking fuel, an official said. AP

21/65 24 June 2017 Rescue workers search for survivors at the site of a landslide that occurred in Xinmo Village, Mao County, Sichuan province, China REUTERS

22/65 23 June 2017 Student activists shout anti martial law slogans during a protest in Manila on June 23, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

23/65 23 June 2017 A diver performs from the Pont Alexandre III bridge into the River Seine in Paris, France, June 23, 2017 as Paris transforms into a giant Olympic park to celebrate International Olympic Days with a variety of sporting events for the public across the city during two days as the city bids to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games Reuters

24/65 23 June 2017 Debris and smoke are seen after an OV-10 Bronco aircraft released a bomb, during an airstrike, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who have taken over parts of Marawi city, Philippines June 23, 2017 Reuters

25/65 22 June 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (C) stands under pouring rain during a wreath-laying ceremony marking the 76th anniversary of the Nazi German invasion, by the Kremlin walls in Moscow, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

26/65 22 June 2017 Smoke rises following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

27/65 22 June 2017 Iraqis flee from the Old City of Mosul on June 22, 2017, during the ongoing offensive by Iraqi forces to retake the last district still held by the Islamic State (IS) group AFP/Getty Images

28/65 21 June 2017 Girls stand in monsoon rains beside an open laundry in New Delhi, India Reuters

29/65 21 June 2017 People take part in the 15th annual Times Square yoga event celebrating the Summer Solstice, the longest day of the year, during classes in the middle of Times Square in New York. The event marked the international day of yoga. Reuters

30/65 20 June 2017 Faroe Islanders turn the sea red after slaughtering hundreds of whales as part of annual tradition Rex

31/65 20 June 2017 A firefighting plane tackles a blaze in Cadafaz, near Goes, Portugal Reuters

32/65 15 June 2017 A person participates in a journalists' protest asking for justice in recent attacks on journalists in Mexico City, Mexico, 15 June 2017 EPA

33/65 11 June 2017 Poland's Piotr Lobodzinski starts in front of the Messeturm, Fairground Tower, in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

34/65 11 June 2017 A runner lies on the ground after arriving at the finish line in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

35/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

36/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform on the tarmac at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

37/65 11 June 2017 French President Emmanuel Macron with his wife Brigitte Trogneux cast their ballot at their polling station in the first round of the French legislatives elections in Le Touquet, northern France EPA

38/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoist EPA

39/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoists EPA

40/65 11 June 2017 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu chairs a weekly cabinet meeting at his office in Jerusalem. An Israeli court has ordered a journalist to pay more than $25,000 in damages to Netanyahu and his wife Sara for libeling them. The magistrate court in Tel Aviv ruled Sunday that Igal Sarna libeled the couple for writing a Facebook post that claimed the prime minister's wife kicked the Israeli leader out of their car during a fight AP

41/65 10 June 2017 Parkour enthusiasts train on Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Originally developed in France, the training discipline is gaining popularity in Brazil Mario Tama/Getty Images

42/65 10 June 2017 Volunteers spread mozzarella cheese toppings on the Guinness World Record attempt for the Longest Pizza in Fontana, California, USA. The pizza was planned to be 7000 feet (2.13 km) to break the previous record of 6082 feet (1.8 km) set in Naples, Italy in 2016 EPA

43/65 10 June 2017 Jamaica's Olympic champion Usain Bolt gestures after winning his final 100 metres sprint at the 2nd Racers Grand Prix at the National Stadium in Kingston, Jamaica REUTERS/Gilbert Bellamy

44/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

45/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

46/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

47/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

48/65 10 June 2017 Protesters stand off before police during a demonstration against corruption, repression and unemployment in Al Hoseima, Morocco. The neglected Rif region has been rocked by social unrest since the death in October of a fishmonger. Mouhcine Fikri, 31, was crushed in a rubbish truck as he protested against the seizure of swordfish caught out of season and his death has sparked fury and triggered nationwide protests Getty Images

49/65 9 June 2017 A man looks on at a migrant and refugee makeshift camp set up under the highway near Porte de la Chapelle, northern Paris Getty Images

50/65 9 June 2017 Damaged cars are seen stacked in the middle of a road in western Mosul's Zanjili neighbourhood during ongoing battles to try to take the city from Islamic State (IS) group fighters Getty

51/65 9 June 2017 Smoke billows following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa Getty Images

52/65 9 June 2017 Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel gestures next to Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto during a welcome ceremony at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico REUTERS/Carlos Jasso

53/65 9 June 2017 Soldiers and residents carry the body of a Muslim boy who was hit by a stray bullet while praying inside a mosque, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who has taken over large parts of the Marawi City, Philippines REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

54/65 8 June 2017 Opposition demonstrators protest for the death on the eve of young activist Neomar Lander during clashes with riot police, in Caracas Getty Images

55/65 8 June 2017 Neomar Lander, a 17-year-old boy was killed during a march in the Chacao district in eastern Caracas on Wednesday, taking the overall death toll since the beginning of April to 66, according to prosecutors Getty Images

56/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI director James Comey is sworn in during a hearing before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

57/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI Director James Comey testifies during a US Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

58/65 8 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica trains at the University of West Indies in Kingston. Bolt says he is looking forward to having a party as he launches his final season on June 10 with what will be his last race on Jamaican soil. The 30-year-old world's fasted man plans to retire from track and field after the 2017 London World Championships in August Getty Images

59/65 8 June 2017 Acquanetta Warren, Mayor of Fontana, California, reacts after US President Donald Trump introduced himself before the Infrastructure Summit with Governors and Mayors at the White House in Washington, US REUTERS/Yuri Gripas

60/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reason Getty Images

61/65 8 June 2017 A woman reacts at the place where 17-year-old demonstrator Neomar Lander died during riots at a rally against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas, Venezuela, June 8, 2017. The sign reads: 'Neomar, entertainer for ever' REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado

62/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reasons Getty Images

63/65 8 June 2017 Queen Maxima of The Netherlands visits Tobroco Machines in Oisterwijk, Netherlands. The company is a manufacturer of machines for use in agriculture, road construction and field maintenance. Tobroco is winner of the 2016 Koning Willem 1 Award for entrepreneurship Getty Images

64/65 7 June 2017 A family member of an inmate tries to stop a truck used to transfer prisoners, outside a prison where a riot took place on Tuesday, in Ciudad Victoria, Mexico REUTERS/Josue Gonzalez

65/65 7 June 2017 An unconscious person is taken away on a motorcycle by fellow demonstrators after they clashed with riot police during a protest in Caracas, Venezuela Getty Images

So after three years living in Thailand would I say it’s safe to visit? Yes, for the most part. But I'm not going to sugar-coat it. You should take extra care when visiting the country. Do your research, avoid high-risk activities, never raise your voice to a Thai person (Thais hate confrontation and when they “lose face” often turn to violence) and ensure you have comprehensive travel insurance. And, for now, avoid Koh Tao.


~_~


A woman has spoken out about her struggle to have sex after childbirth in a bid to raise awareness of the difficulties new mums can face in the bedroom.

Zoe George, from Australia, who blogs at The Subtle Mummy, revealed that the difficult birth of her first baby, who was delivered by forceps, left her vagina “broken.”

And, that when she tried to sex with her husband six months later, it was a “nightmare.”

“It took this long before my husband even dared to bring it up,”she wrote.

“I was petrified. I have been bungee jumping before and the thought of having sex again scared me more.”

After struggling for a further six months, George decided to visit her gynaecologist who examined her and said that it was scar tissue from the stitches she had after the birth which were causing the problem.

“I could either have surgery to fix it or 'bear through it' until we conceived and then 'hope the next baby tears the same spot so that it can be re-stitched more carefully.

Ambrosia needs some help with her selfie angles but still a great pic 😂 Fun at Myuna farm again today. We love this place. A post shared by Zoe G (@thesubtlemummy) on Jun 15, 2017 at 9:17pm PDT

“I decided to give the latter option a go for one more month, and thankfully it worked.”

But then, the now mum to Ari, three, and Ambrosia, 18 months, was faced with another problem: vaginismus.

The positive birth movement







+ show all The positive birth movement







1/5 Nahomie Hann from Canada had a "traumatic" first birth Epanouie Within by Nahomie Hann Photography

2/5 Hann advises parents-to-be: "Reach out. Talk. Listen. Educate yourself." Epanouie Within by Nahomie Hann Photography

3/5 Epanouie Within by Nahomie Hann Photography

4/5 "I remember a lot of people feeling the need to tell me about stitches, tearing and episiotomies. This was my biggest fear both times while pregnant and it made me so anxious," says Megan Porter who lives in Falkirk.

5/5 Megan has two children a three-year-old and a two-week-old.

A condition which causes an involuntary reflex of the muscles surrounding the entrance to the vagina, vaginismus can make penetration painful and in some instances impossible.

The NHS says that it can be caused by damage to the vagina during childbirth, disrupt or completely stop your sex life, and lead to relationship problems.”

However, vaginismus can be treated with appropriate medication if there is a physical cause, while sex therapy and physiotherapy may be recommended if the cause is psychological.

As a result, George went through specialist physiotherapy but admits that she as a “long way to go” before she is “100 per cent relaxed down there.”

“I have been embarrassed to write this story for a while, but every time I meet someone in person and tell them they are surprised and feel really terrible for me that I went through it,” she concluded.

“I am mortified at the thought of my family reading it, but it’s all for the greater good, I say.”


~_~


Aston Martin debuted an AMR Pro package for its track-only Vulcan supercar at the Goodwood Festival of Speed, revealing several aerodynamic improvements and shorter gearing to lower lap times.





While the standard Vulcan came with a large rear wing and front splitter, the AMR Pro package adds more carbon fibre winglets to the front bumper and an extra layer to the rear wing, helping generate more grip at higher speeds.



There are also several turning vanes "beneath the front splitter to aid steering response", says AutoExpress, while a redesigned engine cover shaves 11lbs from the car's weight.



The package also sees a "surge in maximum downforce", allowing Vulcan AMR Pro models to generate more aerodynamic grip than Aston's "Le Mans class winning Vantage GTE".



However, says Autocar, the British carmaker is only offering the package as a retrofit to the owners of all 24 Vulcans and there are no plans to extend production for factory-made AMR Pro models.



It adds that the package is expected to cost in the region of "between £100,000 and £150,000" - "a small percentage of the original Vulcan price of £1.8 million".



Visitors to this year's Goodwood Festival of Speed, which finishes on 2 July, will be among the first to see the car, as Aston Martin will be running a Vulcan AMR Pro up the hillclimb all weekend.


~_~


On Thursday 11 May an article referred to Justin Trudeau as Canada’s President. He is, of course, Prime Minister of the country.

A piece published on 8 May initially reported that the unstunned slaughter of animals had been outlawed in Wallonia and that kosher and halal meat had thus been banned as a consequence. In fact, while the Environment Committee of the Walloon Parliament has voted to prohibit unstunned slaughter (with a proposed start date for the ban of 1 September 2019), the plan has yet to be approved by Parliament in full plenary session. The proposal will be debated by Wallonia’s parliamentarians later this month.


~_~


Defending world long jump champion Greg Rutherford has been ruled out of the Anniversary Games in London on July 9 with an ankle ligament injury but hopes to recover in time for the World Championships in August, the 30-year-old has said.

Rutherford has struggled with injuries this year and underwent scans on his ankle after winning the long jump event at the Gavardo meeting in Italy last month. He also missed the British team trials last Saturday.

"After some really excellent training this year, the start to the season has been riddled with a series of troublesome injuries, most recently a problem with an ankle ligament," Rutherford said in a statement on his verified Twitter account.

"As a result, I am absolutely gutted to say that I am unable to compete at the Anniversary Games this weekend -- one of the greatest events in our sport."

"Obviously this isn't ideal, but I am doing everything to give myself the best chance of success at the World Championships in London... "

The former Olympic champion is scheduled to defend his title at the World Championships being held from Aug. 4-13.

(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)


~_~


Simon Harris, the health minister, said cancer prevention would form a key part of the overall strategy GARETH CHANEY/COLLINS

The government has committed to matching the best cancer survival rates in Europe despite cases of the disease being set to double by 2040.

The pledge is at the centre of the ten-year National Cancer Strategy, which involves spending of more than €100 million a year on cancer treatment.

The “patient focused” document makes 52 recommendations including increased screenings for early detection, an age-appropriate facility for adolescents with cancer and wider access to psychological support services for patients who have completed therapy.

It will also establish a number of positions, including a national lead for cancer molecular diagnostics, and clinical leads in geriatric oncology and cancer nursing.

The HSE’s National Cancer Control Programme (NCCP) will implement the strategy and it will also develop a cancer…


~_~


Columnist, The Wall Street Journal.

Peggy Noonan is an opinion columnist at the Wall Street Journal where her column, Declarations, has run since 2000. She was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 2017. She is the author of nine books on American politics, history and culture, from her most recent, “The Time of Our Lives,” to her first, “What I Saw at the Revolution.” She is one of ten historians and writers who contributed essays on the American presidency for the book, “Character Above All.” Noonan was a special assistant and speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan. In 2010 she was given the Award for Media Excellence by the living recipients of the Congressional Medal of Honor; the following year she was chosen as Columnist of the Year by The Week. She has been a fellow at Harvard University’s Institute of Politics, and has taught in the history department at Yale University. Before entering the Reagan White House, Noonan was a producer and writer at CBS News in New York, and an adjunct professor of Journalism at New York University. She was born in Brooklyn, New York and grew up there, in Massapequa Park, Long Island, and in Rutherford, New Jersey. She is a graduate of Fairleigh Dickinson University in Rutherford. She lives in New York City. In November, 2016 she was named one of the city's Literary Lions by the New York Public Library.


~_~





~_~


Northern Ireland could be back under direct rule from Westminster if its political parties fail to reach a deal by today's extended deadline for power-sharing talks.

However, although it is unlikely the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein will reach an agreement in time, they could be granted a reprieve.

Unionist sources told the Belfast Telegraph they believe Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire will suspend talks until after July to allow the politicians to take their holidays.

"He can introduce direct rule or call another Assembly election in the autumn, but talks insiders believe he will opt for continuing discussions between the parties at Stormont after a break," adds the paper.

If direct rule were imposed, it would be for the first time since 2007, when Tony Blair was prime minister, the BBC reports.

It would need a law to be passed in Parliament suspending the Northern Ireland Assembly, after which the government would take control of issues such as policing, prisons, transport and housing, which are devolved to Stormont.

The province has been governed by Westminster for 32 out of the last 44 years.

According to Professor Rick Wilford of Queen's University Belfast in agendaNi magazine, it would also "marginalise" the province's voice and give more power to the wants of Westminster.

He adds: "Should [direct rule] be renewed again, then expect an expanded Northern Ireland Office pursuing a largely unbridled UK government agenda, not least in relation to Brexit, and a severely diminished level of parliamentary scrutiny."


~_~


Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs


~_~


Deadline for entries is 23:59 GMT on Saturday 1 April. You need to register once and then sign in to theguardian.com to enter our online competition for a £100 monthly prize.

Eight solutions (four being of two words) comprise 6 across 29, which is clued without definition. Of the other clues, four across and four down contain superfluous words or phrases that provide either definitions or wordplay for the themed eight. The remaining eight definitions or wordplay are: board, deck games, fish, notes, religious image, song, supporter and World Cup winners.

Deadline for entries is 23:59 GMT on Saturday 1 April. You need to register once and then sign in to theguardian.com to enter our online competition for a £100 monthly prize.

Click here to register


~_~


The man and the Irish teenager wrestle over the towel thrown into the crowd by Jack Sock

A boy who had a memento snatched from his grasp at Wimbledon will be given a replacement by his tennis hero after making contact through a social networking site.

The Irish teenager, whose mother asked for him not to be named, tried to catch a towel thrown by Jack Sock, the American player, at the end of Sock’s first-round match against Christian Garin of Chile.

The boy caught it at the same time as a woman, who relinquished it, but a large man sitting next to the woman then grabbed the towel and insisted that it was his.

Sock appealed for the boy to come forward and said through his agent that the boy had replied in a direct message on Instagram.

Judy Murray joined…


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Now it may be that we all wake up on 9 June to learn that Theresa May’s gamble has paid off. She will have won her snap election by a landslide; she will have several dozen more Conservative MPs to swing any Commons vote, and she will have secured the best possible mandate, personal and political, to embark on negotiating the terms of Brexit.

Just maybe, though, she won’t.

Recent polls suggesting a hung parliament or even a Conservative defeat look implausible, though it would be life-enhancing to believe that this election has turned from a walkover into a proper contest. And the spread of results indicated in the polling generally – from a parliament with no overall majority to a Conservative majority in double, or even triple, digits – looks impossibly wide: someone’s calculations have to be very wrong.

Yet there does appear to be a consensus on one point: the polls have narrowed, so that the sweeping majority Theresa May had banked on – and the pre-campaign polls seemed to promise – is not as much of a foregone conclusion as it once was.

UK General Election 2017







47 show all UK General Election 2017



























































































1/47 12 June 2017 British Prime Minister Theresa May leaves 10 Downing Street for the 1922 committee on June 12, 2017 in London, England. British Prime Minister Theresa May held her first cabinet meeting with her re-shuffled team today Getty Images

2/47 12 June 2017 DUP leader Arlene Foster stands alongside deputy leader Nigel Dodds as they hold a press conference at Stormont Castle as the Stormont assembly power sharing negotiations reconvene following the general election on June 12, 2017 in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Discussions between the DUP and the Conservative party are also continuing in the wake of the UK general election as Prime Minister Theresa May looks to form a government with the help of the Democratic Unionist parties ten Westminster seats. Stormont and the political situation in Northern Ireland has been in limbo following the collapse of the power sharing executive due to the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme scandal which implicated the DUP Getty Images

3/47 12 June 2017 Priti Patel, International Development Secretary leaves 10 Downing Street Getty Images

4/47 12 June 2017 Larry the Downing Street cat runs ahead of Michael Fallon Britain's Secretary of State for Defence as he arrives for a cabinet meeting at Downing Street in London, Britain, June 12, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth REUTERS

5/47 12 June 2017 Michael Gove, Environment Secretary leaves 10 Downing Street on June 12, 2017 in London, England. British Prime Minister Theresa May held her first cabinet meeting with her re-shuffled team today Getty Images

6/47 12 June 2017 Scottish National Party Leader Nicola Sturgeon (C) leaves after speaking to the media in Parliament Square. Getty Images

7/47 12 June 2017 British Prime Minister Theresa May (C, L) holds the first Cabinet meeting of her new team. Getty

8/47 11 June 2017 British Prime Minister Theresa May attends church in her constituency with her husband Philip May, a few days after disappointing results in a general election. Rex Features

9/47 9 June 2017 Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn leaves Labour Party HQ this morning, following a general election yesterday. Parliament is hung, with no individual party gaining an overall majority. Post general election reaction. Rex

10/47 9 June 2017 BELFAST, NORTHERN IRELAND - JUNE 09: DUP leader and Northern Ireland former First Minister Arlene Foster (C) holds a brief press conference with the DUP's newly elected Westminster candidates who stood in the general election Getty Images

11/47 9 June 2017 A " Get May Out" demo took place opposite the gates of Downing Street, calling for May to resign, after the shock election results and Mays coalition with the DUP. Rex Features

12/47 9 June 2017 A demonstrator wears a mask depicting Britain's Prime Minister and leader of the Conservative Party Theresa May, poses with a mock gravestone bearing the words "Hard Brexit, RIP", during a protest photocall near the entrance 10 Downing Street in central London AFP/Getty Images

13/47 9 June 2017 Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May arrives at the Conservative Party's headquarters in London Reuters

14/47 9 June 2017 Britain's Prime Minister and leader of the Conservative Party Theresa May flanked by her husband Philip delivers a statement outside 10 Downing Street in central Londo Getty

15/47 9 June 2017 Britain's Prime Minister and leader of the Conservative Party Theresa May leaves Buckingham Palace in London the day after a general election in which the Conservatives lost their majority Getty Images

16/47 9 June 2017 A TV cameraman watches the door of 10 Downing Street in London Getty Images

17/47 9 June 2017 Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is greeted by his Office Director Karie Murphy as he arrives at Labour Party HQ in Westminster, London, after he called on the Prime Minister to resign, saying she should 'go and make way for a government that is truly representative of this country' Dominic Lipinski/PA Wire

18/47 9 June 2017 Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May arrives at the Conservative Party's headquarters with her husband Philip in London REUTERS/Peter Nicholls

19/47 9 June 2017 Ukip leader Paul Nuttall speaks during a press conference at Boston West Golf Club where he announced that he is standing down as party leader Joe Giddens/PA

20/47 9 June 2017 Ruth Davidson, leader of the Scottish Conservatives, leaves the counting centre for Britain's general election with her partner Jen Wilson in Edinburgh, Scotland REUTERS/Russell Cheyne

21/47 9 June 2017 Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale celebrates with candidate for Edinburgh South Ian Murray as he retains his seat at the Meadowbank Sports Centre counting centre in Edinburgh, Scotland Getty Images

22/47 9 June 2017 First Minister Nicola Sturgeon speaks to the media at the Emirates Arena in Glasgow, as counting is under way for the General Election Andrew Milligan/PA Wire

23/47 9 June 2017 Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson at Meadowbank Sports Centre in Edinburgh, as counting is under way for the General Election PA

24/47 9 June 2017 Scottish National Party (SNP) leader Nicola Sturgeon reacts at the Emirates Arena in Glasgow, Scotland EPA

25/47 9 June 2017 Jeremy Corbyn, leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party, arrives at the Labour Party's Headquarters in London REUTERS/Marko Djurica

26/47 9 June 2017 UKIP Leader Paul Nuttall leaves in a car following the vote count for the constituency of Boston and Skegness in Boston, England Anthony Devlin/Getty Images

27/47 9 June 2017 British Prime Minister and Conservative Party leader Theresa May speaks at the declaration at the election count at the Magnet Leisure Centre in Maidenhead, England. Getty Images

28/47 8 June 2017 A policer officer enters a polling station in London AP

29/47 8 June 2017 A woman leaves after casting her vote at the Hove Museum and Art Gallery near Brighton, in southern England Getty

30/47 8 June 2017 A polling station sign is seen on a telephone box outside the polling station at Rotherwick Hall, west of London Getty Images

31/47 7 June 2017 A woman walks past a general election display in the window of a betting shop in Camden on June 7, 2017 in London, United Kingdom. Britain goes to the polls tomorrow, Getty Images

32/47 7 June 2017 Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May visits Atherley Bowling Club during an election campaign visit on June 7, 2017 in Southampton, England. Britain goes to the polls tomorrow June 8 to vote in a general election. Getty Images

33/47 6 June 2017 A supporter wears a pair of Jeremy Corbyn decorated tights at a general election campaign event in Birmingham, central England, on June 6, 2017. Britain goes to the polls on June 8 to vote in a general election only days after another deadly terror attack in the nation's captial. AFP/Getty Images

34/47 6 June 2017 A picture taken in London, shows election leaflets from various parties displayed ahead of the United Kingdom's general elections. Britain goes to the polls on June 8 to vote in a general election only days after another terrorist attack on the nation's capital AFP/Getty Images

35/47 6 June 2017 Election workers, George Gaunt and Luca Tragid deliver the first ballot boxes, on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh AFP/Getty Images

36/47 6 June 2017 British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with Conservative party supporters during an election campaign visit to a bakery during an election campaign visit on June 6, 2017 in Fleetwood, north-west England. Britain goes to the polls on June 8 to vote in a general election only days after another terrorist attack on the nation's capital Getty Images

37/47 5 June 2017 British Prime Minister Theresa May speaks during a general election campaign visit to a removals depot in Edinburgh AFP/Getty Images

38/47 3 June 2017 Pro-Independence supporters hold a march through Glasgow AFP/Getty Images

39/47 3 June 2017 Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn campaigns for the upcoming general election in Beeston, Nottinghamshire AFP/Getty Images

40/47 3 June 2017 Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn reacts to supporters after a rally at Beeston Youth and Community Centre as he visits the East Midlands during the final weekend of the General Election campaign on June 3, 2017 in Nottingham, England. If elected in next week's general election Mr Corbyn is pledging to create a million new jobs and to scrap zero-hours contracts Getty Images

41/47 1 June 2017 Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party leader Ruth Davidson joins a selection of Scottish Conservative election candidates and activists during campaigning on May 1, 2017 in South Queensferry, Scotland. With only seven days to go until the general election on June 8th, polls are showing the SNP out in front and the Conservatives set to close in on Labour. Getty Images

42/47 29 May 2017 Prime Minister Theresa May canvasses in Richmond with Conservative candidate Zac Goldsmith on May 29, 2017 in London, United Kingdom. After suffering defeat in the London Mayoral election Zac Goldsmith resigned over the Government's position on Heathrow expansion. He stood as an Independent but lost in a by-election to the Liberal Democrats. Britain goes to the polls on June 8 to elect a new parliament in a general election Getty Images

43/47 22 May 2017 Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron poses for a selfie taken by carer April Preston during a General Election campaign visit to the Barlow Medical Centre, in Didsbury, Manchester Yui Mok/PA

44/47 22 May 2017 Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at an election campaign event in Wrexham, Wales Reuters

45/47 22 May 2017 Britain's main opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn, and Labour's former deputy Prime Minister, John Prescott, exit the party's general election campaign 'battle' bus as they arrive at an event in Kingston upon Hull, northern England Getty Images

46/47 22 May 2017 Britain's main opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn walks with supporters between venues, before speaking again at another general election campaign event in Kingston upon Hull, northern England Getty Images

47/47 22 May 2017 An anti-fox hunting protester is taken away and arrested by police outside the venue where Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May was due to launch the Welsh Conservative general election manifesto at Gresford Memorial Hall in the village of Gresford, near Wrexham, North Wales, on May 22, 2017. Britain goes to the polls on June 8 to elect a new parliament in a general election AFP/Getty Images

Whether this is because Jeremy Corbyn’s appeal was underestimated, or because the personalisation of the Conservatives’ campaign around May was ill-advised, or because the “dementia tax” debacle and the Manchester bombing refocused the campaign away from Brexit, or for some other as yet undefined reason, will be for the post-election analysts to judge. But it is not necessary to entertain the prospect of a hung parliament or even a Conservative defeat – let’s not push the speculation too far – to realise that anything less than a substantially increased Conservative majority will amount to a defeat for Theresa May. It will also, once again, alter the political calculus around Brexit.

Take the Prime Minister first. She called an early election, despite months of insisting that she would not do so, on the basis of exceptionally favourable opinion polls and a well-founded hope of gaining a stronger parliamentary mandate for the Brexit negotiations that was also hers. If she fails to achieve this, it is hard to see how her position will be tenable, either as leader of her party – calling the election would have to be considered as great a misjudgment as David Cameron’s decision to call the referendum – or as head of a government set to steer the bargaining with Brussels.

So far, May has declined to answer questions about how she might respond to an election result that leaves the Conservatives little better off than before, though she has said that, if re-elected, she would serve out a full five-year term. And few leaders commit to resigning before the worst has actually happened. Cameron did not, even though it was obvious that a lost referendum would give him little choice, and May will not do so either. How long she could continue in office after a poor result, however, is a valid question. There are reports of knives being sharpened already in the Conservative hierarchy.

The implications of a surprise result for Brexit and the Brexit talks are, if anything, even greater than for Theresa May. What would it mean that a prime minister who went to the country seeking an explicit parliamentary mandate for Brexit had essentially been rebuffed? (And this would surely be the significance of anything less than a clearly increased majority.)

As seen from Brussels – or Berlin or Paris – the British bargaining position would be substantially weakened. The Government’s mandate would be a lot less convincing than it would have been without a vote. How would any UK prime minister then proceed?

One consequence could be that the initiative passes from the Government to Parliament. Given that the election post-dated the referendum, a slim victory for May (or less) could encourage those many MPs with misgivings about Brexit to take another look at the “will of the people”. They could well argue that now an election had been fought on Brexit – after all, this is what Theresa May intended, even though many other issues came to cloud the vote – the “will of the people” was rather less clear.

General Election polls and projections: June 1

Whether there would be a sufficient number of MPs prepared to challenge the legitimacy of Brexit, or call for a new referendum, or – as the Liberal Democrats propose – legislate for a referendum on the actual terms of Brexit, would probably depend on many other considerations. But there could well be tempestuous times in the new parliament that would throw many of the May Government’s Brexit calculations up in the air.

The nub of the problem is this: an election result along the lines predicted when it was called, a big majority for Theresa May, could indeed bolster the Government’s negotiating position in the eyes of Brussels, while helping also to confirm acceptance of Brexit at home. But a different result – including one that falls short of those initial expectations, if only by a relatively small number – would have the opposite effect. Not only could it encourage Brussels to drive a harder bargain, but it could reopen the still raw Brexit wounds in the UK.

Of course, none of this may happen. It may well be that we wake up on the morning after the night before to hear an exultant Prime Minister claim a famous victory. In which case, it is game on for Brexit and for the talks scheduled to begin less than two weeks later.

If the result is anything less than that famous victory, however, the UK will be plunged into new political uncertainty, with pretty much everything that has happened in politics over the past year called into question. There would be fury among Brexiteers, a flickering of hope among Remainers, and a rejoining of the Conservatives’ internecine Europe war.

Whether that is a prospect to be welcomed or feared, I leave to your judgement as readers – and voters.


~_~


Barcelona 0 Juventus 0 [Juventus win 3-0 on aggregate)

No goals, no drama and no stunning comeback this time from Barcelona. After their extraordinary exploits last month, when they overturned a 4-0 first-leg deficit in the second leg against Paris Saint-German, the Spanish club found Juventus less accommodating.

Surely there is no more remarkable statistic in the competition's recent history than the fact that Juventus have yet to concede a goal from open play in this season's tournament.

Barcelona did create opportunities but Lionel Messi was denied by Gianluigi Buffon in the Juventus goal and neither Luis Suarez nor Neymar could capitalise on the chances that came their way.

In all Barcelona had 19 shots but managed just one on target, as they exited the Champions League at the quarter-final stage for the second consecutive season.

Juventus carved out a couple of chances themselves but, on a night when accuracy in front of goal was at a premium, Gonzalo Higuain and Juan Cuadrado squandered their opportunities.

Not that it mattered and it's Juventus who take their place in Friday's semi-final draw alongside Real Madrid, Atletico Madrid and Monaco.

"It's a step forward. We deserved qualification against a top level team," said Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri. "Barcelona not scoring over two legs is almost unheard of... We did very well defensively, less in attack because we failed to make the most of some very promising counter-attacks by missing some simple passes."

Only two other clubs have shut out Barcelona over two legs of a Champions League fixture – Manchester United in 2007-08 and Bayern Munich in 2012-13 – and their coach conceded they deserved to exit the competition.

"We tried with all our might but we couldn't find the route to goal," said Luis Enrique, who is leaving Barcelona at the end of the season. "We played a very poor first half in Turin and that has cost us dearly."

The victory over Barcelona keeps Juventus on course for a treble, as they are eight points clear at the top of Serie A and facing Lazio in the final of the Coppa Italia.

"The players need to realise that they can do even better and we are slowly improving," said Allegri. "We must not get ahead of ourselves... I am happy with what the lads are doing but the key is not to maintain current form, instead we are aiming to improve it."


~_~


Why are we asking this now?

The Jungle refugee and migrant camp in Calais will be closed by the end of the year, French President Francois Hollande has said - so what does that mean for the current residents?



What is the Jungle camp?

The sprawling camp, which has been nicknamed the “Jungle” by residents, is based in Calais, northern France, around nine miles from the Channel Tunnel. It has become home for thousands of migrants hoping to seek asylum in the UK.

What is the history of the camp?

The Sangatte refugee camp was opened in Calais in 1999, but was closed between 2001 and 2002 by Nicolas Sarkozy, who was then minister of interior. The closure failed to stem the flow of arrivals and migrants continued to settle and build makeshift camps around the port town. The population of the Jungle has soared in recent years.

How many people live there?

Estimates of the numbers of refugees and migrants in the Jungle vary. While authorities put the figure at around 7,000, a census conducted in August by Help Refugees found more than 9,000 people were living there. The figure marked a 29% increase in the population since early July, the charity said.

France’s Hollande visits Calais, vowing to close ‘Jungle’

Where do they come from?

Many people are believed to be fleeing from countries embroiled in conflict. Reports suggest people have arrived from countries including Eritrea, Syria, Afghanistan, Somalia and Sudan.

Why is the Jungle back in the headlines?

Mr Hollande has announced that the French government is preparing to “completely, definitively” dismantle the Jungle by the end of the year. Half the Calais camp was dismantled in March, but its population is believed to have doubled since then.

Calais and Dunkirk camps







16 show all Calais and Dunkirk camps





























1/16 (Photo: Alan Schaller)

2/16 A portrait of an Afghan man wearing a traditional Perhan Turban in the Calais Jungle (Photo: Emily Garthwaite)

3/16 Two Gendarmes guard the main entrance to the Dunkirk camp (Photo: Emily Garthwaite)

4/16 One Kurdish Iraqi man’s reminder to himself (Photo: Alan Schaller)

5/16 Two young boys in the Dunkirk camp (Photo: Alan Schaller)

6/16 An Iranian hunger striker stands outside the only remaining shelter in the South Side of the Calais camp (Photo: Emily Garthwaite)

7/16 A church in the South Calais camp, on of the the only structures not demolished in the South Side of the camp (Photo: Emily Garthwaite)

8/16 A man gets a hair cut in the Calais camp (Photo: Alan Schaller)

9/16 Night falls on the Calais Jungle. Fires burn in the distance (Photo: Alan Schaller)

10/16 The containers provided as alternative accommodation for the people in the camps (Photo: Alan Schaller)

11/16 A young boy in the Dunkirk camp (Photo: Alan Schaller)

12/16 A man listens to music inside one of the shipping containers (Photo: Emily Garthwaite)

13/16 The awful living conditions in the Dunkirk camp (Photo: Alan Schaller)

14/16 An Afghan man in the Calais camp (Photo: Emily Garthwaite)

15/16 One of the Iranian hunger strikers (Photo: Alan Schaller)

16/16 A family in their wooden shelter in the new Dunkirk camp (Photo: Alan Schaller)

What will happen to the people who live in the Jungle?

The occupants of the camp are set to be moved to reception centres across France. Between 40 and 50 will be held at each centre for up to four months while authorities investigate their cases. Those who do not seek asylum will be deported.

What will the camp's closure mean for child refugees hoping to gain asylum in the UK?

Under EU legislation known as Dublin III, asylum claims must be made in the first safe country a person reaches - but children can have their claim transferred to another country if they have family members living there.

Campaigners have urged the British government to ensure unaccompanied children are not caught up in the eviction and are removed safely from the camp, so that they can be reunited with their families.

Press Association


~_~


Normal Sudoku rules apply, except the numbers in the cells contained within grey lines add up to the figures in the corner. No number can be repeated within each shape formed by grey lines.

For a helping hand call our solutions line on 0906 200 83 83. Calls cost £1.03 per minute from a BT landline. Calls from other networks may vary and mobiles will be considerably higher. Service supplied by ATS. Call 0330 333 6946 for customer service (charged at standard rate).

Buy next week’s Observer Digital Edition to see the completed puzzle.


~_~


BEIJING A raft of Chinese data in coming weeks is expected to show steady growth in the world's second-biggest economy, but government measures to rein in the housing market and debt risks are likely to drag on activity over the next few quarters.

Many analysts say Beijing's deleverging campaign will pressure growth as the property sector cools in response to policy curbs, even as top leaders have pledged to maintain economic stability ahead of a key party meeting later this year.

"We expect June's data release to show overall steady growth with industrial production momentum maintained," economists at UBS said in a research note.

"Slower credit growth and higher funding costs due to supervisory tightening are expected to have an effect on fixed-asset investment and activities later in the year."

China's industrial output is seen up 6.5 percent in June from a year earlier, matching the rise in May, according to a Reuters poll of 34 economists.

Retail sales were expected to grow 10.6 percent, easing slightly from a 10.7 percent rise in May, while fixed-asset investment was predicted to increase 8.5 percent in January-June from a year earlier, versus a rise of 8.6 percent in the first five months, the poll showed.

Authorities have tightened rules to force banks to deleverage - as part of steps to control debt risks, pushing up money market rates that have started to spill over into the real economy.

Moody's Investors Service downgraded its credit rating in May, saying it expects the country's financial strength will erode in coming years as growth slows and debt continues to rise.

Policy insiders say the central bank will hold off on further monetary policy tightening and could even slightly loosen its grip in the coming months to support economic growth and job creation.

China's exports are seen up 8.7 percent in June from a year earlier, while imports are set for a 13.1 percent rise, according to the Reuters poll, producing a trade surplus of $42.4 billion.

China's exports rose a stronger than expected 8.7 percent in May as global demand improved, while imports jumped 14.8 percent despite falling commodity prices.

GDP PUZZLE

China will release second-quarter gross domestic product(GDP) on July 17, along with June industrial output, retail sales and January-June fixed asset investment.

Analysts are awaiting a few other June data releases before fine-tuning their April-June GDP forecasts, though some expect it will be slightly weaker than the solid first quarter pace of 6.9 percent.

Both the official and private factory surveys painted a robust picture for June thanks to stronger demand, though even here signs of stress were evident in median and small firms.

China's producer price index (PPI)) is tipped to rise 5.5 percent in June from a year earlier, flat from May when factory gate inflation eased for the third straight month on tumbling raw materials prices.

The consumer price index (CPI) is seen up 1.5 percent year-on-year in June, also matching that in May, when consumer inflation quickened from April's 1.2 percent.

Beijing is targeting consumer inflation at 3 percent this year, unchanged from 2016.

Besides the campaign to reduce high levels of debt across the economy, authorities have also been busy trying to stabilize the yuan by curbing capital outflows.

That seems to have paid off with the currency pushing higher against the dollar in recent months. And China's foreign exchange reserves are expected to edge up in June to $3.06 trillion, rising for a fifth consecutive month as capital curbs and a weakening dollar helped staunch money outflows.

China is due to announce foreign exchange reserves data on Friday, followed by inflation and trade data on Monday and Thursday respectively, while loan and money data is expected anytime from July 10-15.

LOANS SEEN UP AMID SHADOW BANKING CRACKDOWN

Loan data will also be closely watched for signs of whether the economy continued to build up more debt, amid signs that banks have shifted more credit back onto their books in response to the shadow financing clampdown.

Chinese banks are seen extending 1.2 trillion yuan ($176.47 billion) in new loans in June, up from 1.11 trillion yuan in May.

Combined trust loans, entrusted loans and undiscounted bankers' acceptances, which are common forms of shadow banking activity, fell sharply to 28.9 billion yuan in May from 177 billion yuan in April, according to Reuters calculations based on central bank data.

(Reporting by Kevin Yao and Shaloo Shrivastava)


~_~


Tallinn, one of Europe’s newest capitals, boasts a rich mix of architecture and culture in a small geographic area. Its Old Town was almost untouched by war and remains perfectly preserved. And outside the city walls there are beguiling districts of brightly painted wooden houses, parks, redeveloped docks, beaches and forests.

There are still stag dos and plenty of bars where Finns fresh off the Helsinki ferry chug bargain beers, but Tallinn is also a cultured place that attracts visitors who wants more than just a cheap drink: Baltic, Nordic, Teutonic and Russian cultures meld in food, art, design and music. The annual Tallinn Music Week (27 March-2 April) showcases Estonia’s growing rock and electronic music scene in venues including the city’s old power station (kultuurikatel.ee).

The city has a surprisingly modern, sophisticated air: trams and buses (free for the locals) make everything easily accessible and old warehouses are being converted into new spaces for business and culture. Free wifi and a nascent tech scene (Skype was developed here) show this is a city looking forward as well as to its traditional, folkloric roots.

Song Festival Grounds

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Crowd at Estonian National Song Festival in Tallinn. Photograph: Getty Images

Every five years (the next one is in July 2019) Tallinn has its Last Night of the Proms moment as 30,000-odd singers from 1,000 choirs belt out traditional anthems to the white, blue and black flag-waving masses who gather for the Song Festival, which began in 1869 and has developed into one of Estonia’s key cultural get-togethers. The sprawling grassy bowl is the perfect place for a Sunday stroll, while the huge shell-like structure on which the singers stand is a modernist treat designed in 1959 by Alar Kotli. A previous stage stood on the site from the 1920s but the one that soars over the park today was built to accommodate the vast numbers of singers and spectators who flock to the event – and its popularity, which mirrors feelings of “Estonian-ism” in the country continues to rise. The stories in the songs and the use of the Estonian language to sing them reach deep into the heart of the Estonian soul and collective culture.

• visitestonia.com/en/tallinns-song-festival-grounds-11

Estonian Architecture Museum

This is the perfect place to start exploring the Rotermann Quarter – a former industrial district that’s being turned into shops, offices and flats. This chunky old salt warehouse at the heart of the neighbourhood houses the museum and is chocka with models of the most interesting buildings in town, such as 23 Roosikrantsi Street by Robert Natuse – an expressionist gem built of dark bricks and with a pointed prow that recalls the Chilehaus in Hamburg, plus a model of a huge planned seaside sanatorium in Estonia’s coastal city, Parnu, which was never built. There are fascinating hand-drawn plans (mostly from the Soviet era) for overblown reconstructions of Tallinn city centre, crowned with towerblocks and megastructures. Again the plans never came to fruition because of the sums involved, and a sense that the history of the city was worth preserving. However, there are some big bits of bluster from the communist age around Tallinn – like the Viru Hotel’s skyscraper slab and the Linnahall, an evocative, crumbling wreck destined to be transformed into a concert venue and conference centre.

• arhitektuurimuuseum.ee

Von Krahl

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: Luis Dafos/Getty Images

A handsome traditional stone pub and theatre in Tallinn’s Old Town, where buildings jostle against the hillside, Von Krahl is all steep steps and characterful wooden beams on a street (Rataskaevu) that dates back to the 1700s. The team behind it took over the place in 1992 as Communism ended and free expression widened in Tallinn. Today, all kinds of left-field plays are put on here and one of the most recent was titled Hipsteri Surm, which translates as “Hipster Death”. Bands stop off too. Hundreds jammed in during Tallinn Music Week (see above) last year to see Estonian neo-folk trio Trad.Attack!, who sample one of their member’s late granny’s vocals on upbeat, dancey tracks.

• vonkrahl.ee

Umami



With its mid-century furniture and local artists’ paintings on the wall, Umami is cool – yet far removed from the showiness those places often suffer from. This is the second restaurant from Janno Lepik and Kristjan Peäske; the first is Leib, in the old town. Warm staff, an open kitchen and a family-friendly vibe go alongside food such as local cod and salads with rocket and beetroot. Umami is inside an old house on the edge of a park in the Mustamae district, which – along with the laid-back atmosphere – makes it feel more like you’re going to someone’s for dinner than out to a restaurant.

• +372 600 1035, umamiresto.ee

Lennusadam Seaplane Harbour

Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Lembit submarine in the main hall of the Seaplane Harbour Museum. Photograph: Alamy

If visiting a seaplane hangar sounds boring, stick with us – this 100-year-old concrete behemoth is cavernous, and miraculously has no supports inside. It was put up to house seaplanes for the Tsar’s navy in 1916 and has survived a century’s tumult in Tallinn. In its new iteration as a museum (opened in 2012 after the threatened hangar was saved and restored), the planes are back. They date from the first world war, and there are boats and submarines from the 1930s to the 1990s. The punchy lighting, huge fans and dramatic walkways inside make it look more like a nightclub, which it sometimes is.

• lennusadam.ee

TV Tower

One of the best things about a trip to the Teletorn (TV Tower) is the bus ride out through the bottle green pine forests that fringe Tallinn. The tower is a classic of Soviet design – raw concrete reaching for the sky and screaming about how technologically advanced the socialist society was in the 1970s (despite some indicators to the contrary). At the top you can be buffeted by the breeze on an outdoor platform – and even peer over the Baltic to Finland on a clear day.

• teletorn.ee

Levier Cakery

The fascinating district of Kalamaja is worth a walk. Just get off the tram at the Balti Jaam stop and head north, away from the Old Town, where you’ll find streets that look as if they’ve been airlifted in from Reykjavik – homes made from corrugated iron and wooden slats painted yellow, cream and blue. In the midst of the area several cafes keep locals happy, such as Levier. The outdoor tables are the ones to grab, and there’s a big nod towards France: macarons and elegant patisserie are stacked up by the counter.

• levier.ee

Pirita

For an easy day out, take the 34 bus from Viru Square to the pleasant coastal suburb of Pirita, to the east of Tallinn. There are sweeping views of the city’s harbour and skyline from its pretty promenade and long, sandy beach. Men fish in the Pirita river where it enters the Baltic, and this is the site of the Olympic Village, accommodation for sailing teams during the Moscow 1980 Olympics (the complex is now a spa hotel). The Russian influence is obvious on the waterfront Maarjamäe war memorial, designed by Allan Murdmaa and Matti Varik in 1975, with its concrete sculptures commemorating fallen Red Army soldiers.

No 99



This attractive old theatre has a wonderful art deco cafe with dark colours and a classy vibe reflecting Estonia’s golden age in the 1920s and 30s, when it was an independent nation expressing itself artistically with the new styles of the age. It’s a perfect embodiment of the elegance and restraint of the city and was the venue Estonia’s music-mad former president Toomas Hendrik Ilves chose to DJ at during last year’s Tallinn Music Week. He played tracks from his charity mix album Teenage Wasteland by MC5, The Who, New York Dolls and David Bowie.

• no99.ee/cafe

F Hoone

Facebook Twitter Pinterest F Hoone, Tallinn. from http://www.fhoone.ee/en/ Photograph: Rasmus Jurkatam

Telliskivi Loomelinnak or just “Telliskivi” as locals say (the other bit means “creative city”) is a fascinating collection of old railway buildings (though those same locals posit that there was actually secret military manufacture going on here, too) near Tallinn’s main station. Today’s it’s home to creatives’ studios, nightclubs, a cycle shop that doubles as a bar (jooks.cc). One of the first businesses to move here was little restaurant F Hoone, which has a relaxed vibe, bare brick walls, traditonal Estonian grub, and a helpful map of Tallinn printed across the floor.

• fhoone.ee

Way to go

The trip was provided by visitestonia.com and Tallinn Music Week which takes place from March 27 to April 2 (tmw.ee). The 1930s-built Hotel Palace, which has paintings by Estonian expressionist Konrad Mägi on headboards in the handsome bedrooms, has doubles from €90 room only (tallinnhotels.ee/hotel-palace-tallinn). British Airways has a new twice-weekly flight from Heathrow to Tallinn from 28 March, from £90 return. There are also flights to Tallinn from Stansted with Ryanair (from £50 return) and Gatwick with easyJet (from £88 return). More information from visitestonia.com


~_~


Iraqi forces have pushed Islamic State into a shrinking rectangle beside the Tigris river as they uproot the last militants from the Iraqi city.


~_~


FILE PHOTO: Omar Khadr smiles as he answers questions during a news conference after being released on bail in Edmonton, Alberta, May 7, 2015. Khadr, a Canadian, was once the youngest prisoner held on terror charges at Guantanamo Bay. REUTERS/Dan Riedlhuber/File Photo

FILE PHOTO: Omar Khadr leaves a news conference after being released on bail in Edmonton, Alberta, May 7, 2015. Khadr, a Canadian, was once the youngest prisoner held on terror charges at Guantanamo Bay. REUTERS/Todd Korol/File Photo

OTTAWA Canada's Liberal government will apologise to former Guantanamo Bay inmate Omar Khadr and pay him around C$10 million (£6 million) in compensation, two sources close to the matter said on Tuesday, prompting opposition protests.

A Canadian citizen, Khadr was captured in Afghanistan in 2002 at age 15 after a firefight with U.S. soldiers. He pleaded guilty to killing a U.S. Army medic and became the youngest inmate held at the military prison in Cuba.

Khadr later recanted and his lawyers said he had been grossly mistreated. In 2010, the Canadian Supreme Court ruled that Canada breached his rights by sending intelligence agents to interrogate him and sharing the results with the United States.

The case proved divisive: defenders called Khadr a child soldier while the then-Conservative government dismissed calls to seek leniency, noting he had pleaded guilty to a serious crime.

"Meet Canada's newest multi-millionaire – Omar Khadr," said the Conservatives as they unveiled a protest petition.

Tony Clement, the Conservative Party's public safety spokesman, said "it is one thing to acknowledge alleged mistreatment, but it is wrong to lavishly reward a convicted terrorist who murdered an allied soldier who had a wife and two children".

Khadr spent a decade in Guantanamo before being returned to Canada in 2012 to serve the rest of his sentence. He was released on bail in 2015 and lives in Edmonton, Alberta.

The Canadian government and Khadr's lawyers agreed on the compensation deal, said the sources, who asked to remain anonymous given the sensitivity. Canada has reached a series of expensive settlements with citizens imprisoned abroad who alleged Ottawa was complicit in their mistreatment.

Khadr, 30, had sued Ottawa for C$20 million on grounds of violating his human rights. News of the settlement was broken by the Globe and Mail newspaper.

A spokesman for Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale declined to comment. Khadr's lawyers did not respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Embassy was closed for the July Fourth holiday.

Khadr was taken to Afghanistan by his father, an al Qaeda member, who apprenticed the boy to a group of bomb makers. The father died in a battle with Pakistani forces in 2003.

"It is the right decision in light of the callous and unlawful treatment meted out to Mr. Khadr with the complicity of Canadian officials," said Ihsaan Gardee, executive director of the National Council of Canadian Muslims.

(Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Denny Thomas, Howard Goller, Jonathan Oatis and Diane Craft)


~_~


Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.


~_~


We use cookies and browser capability checks to help us deliver our online services, including to learn if you enabled Flash for video or ad blocking. By using our website or by closing this message box, you agree to our use of browser capability checks, and to our use of cookies as described in our Cookie Policy .


~_~


Ah for the days when the United Kingdom – or the British Isles, as we then called ourselves – was still a byword for the political stability that seemed so conspicuously absent elsewhere. Our image today is very different.

It is less than a year since a divisive referendum unexpectedly reversed more than half a century of UK foreign policy. Now a general election, one called expressly to strengthen the Government’s mandate to negotiate the split with the European Union, has resulted in a hung Parliament. The Prime Minister’s campaign slogan of “strong and stable” leadership could hardly ring more hollow.

As Nick Clegg, one of this country’s most committed Europeans, set out in no uncertain terms as he surveyed the post-electoral wreckage: “It is impossible to exaggerate... how self-absorbed and adrift the UK looks to the rest of Europe… I can’t think of any example of a modern mature democracy putting itself in such a vulnerable position.”

The former deputy prime minister was speaking the morning after he had lost his parliamentary seat to the Labour Party’s surge.

Lib Dem's Layla Moran, first MP of Palestinian heritage, makes victory speech

Even if, as it appears at the time of writing, Theresa May forms a government supported by the Democratic Unionist Party, the composition of Parliament and the whole political landscape has changed. May went to the country with two objectives: to obtain the personal mandate she lacked because of the way she was propelled to Downing Street in the meltdown that followed the referendum; and to strengthen the Government’s hand as it embarked on what were expected to be complex and difficult bargaining with Brussels.

In the event, the Conservatives lost seats and their majority. As the former Labour leader, Ed Miliband, put it: “We know Theresa May can't now negotiate Brexit for Britain because she told us losing majority would destroy her authority – and it has.”

This is the nub of the problem that now confronts the UK. An election intended to strengthen the country’s negotiating position has left it weakened. If truth were told, the balance of advantage was already turning. After their initial shock at the Brexit vote, the other 27 EU members seemed to be discovering a unity and sense of purpose that had seemed to elude the European Union when it met at 28.

The euro has been strengthening, even as the UK’s economy began to languish. The sweeping victory of Emmanuel Macron in France held out the prospect of a new dynamism within the EU. Such hitherto divisive issues as migration and integrated EU defence seemed to be attracting a growing consensus. That might be more impression than reality – migration (from outside the EU), rather than “free movement” (migration of peoples inside the EU), remains hugely contentious – but the 27 seemed to be looking for joint solutions in a way that the UK’s very presence seemed to have obstructed.

“Self-absorbed and adrift,” Clegg rightly said – and he was referring to us.

General Election 2017: The biggest shocks

And if, as it appears for the time being, May clings to Number 10, she will be weakened on two fronts: with her party in a delicate de facto coalition in Parliament at home, and in relation to the EU abroad.

This was apparent from the early responses from Brussels. The designated chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, suggested that the timetable for talks might be adjusted. The head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, however, insisted that talks should begin as soon as possible. “We can start at 9.30 tomorrow morning,” he said pointedly. In both instances, it was abundantly, embarrassingly, clear who held the more cards.

The Government’s weakened position will also make it harder (and it was already hard) for the UK to project itself as a global player and trader. How much conviction will those efforts carry if, as is likely, all government attempts to legislate for Brexit, including the so-called Grand Repeal Bill, face challenges from a rejuvenated opposition?

It was not immediately apparent from the breakdown of the UK’s vote how far people were voting on Brexit (the whole point of holding the election) and how far the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, had successfully shifted the focus on to social policy and away from Europe. There was evidence, however, that Labour had become – at least in some constituencies that had voted strongly against Brexit – the “soft Brexit” party.

This seems to have been a construction put on Labour’s policy by the voters, rather than something Labour had actively campaigned on. The party’s own internal divisions on Europe had encouraged it to avoid the subject. For pro-Remain constituencies to have voted in many cases strongly for Labour, however, suggests that Labour could reasonably reposition itself in Parliament as the “soft Brexit” party.

This, in turn, could have two opposite effects. On the one hand it could complicate May’s ability to win parliamentary votes even further and lead to stalemate in London. If, on the other hand, the Government took its cue from the election result and moderated its apparent attachment to a “hard Brexit”, negotiations with the EU could run more smoothly. Corbyn’s pledge of permanent residence for all EU nationals currently in the UK would be the sort of opening gesture the last government held out against. Maybe that will change.

It is far too early to broach the possibility of a new referendum (at the conclusion of negotiations, perhaps) or to hazard that Labour might, despite its manifesto, think again about leaving the EU Single Market – a precondition for ending “free movement”.

But a weaker UK negotiating with a stronger EU could, paradoxically, make the bargaining easier. It would do nothing for the UK’s often exaggerated view of its stature, however. The EU referendum left the UK diminished internationally – a smaller, more parochial power. The inconclusive election only compounds the damage.


~_~


Cucur udang or prawn fritters are a Malaysian favourite.

Served hot or at room temperature, eaten as an appetiser or snack, this well known street food is simple to make.

Ping Coombes with her Malaysian prawn and wild garlic fritters

How to make Malaysian prawn and wild garlic fritters

Makes: 25 – 30 fritters

Ingredients:

300g raw king prawns, peeled and keep whole

150g plain flour

125g self raising flour

1 tsp salt

1 tbs Knorr chicken stock powder

1 tsp sugar

1 tsp turmeric powder

¼ tsp white pepper

12 leaves of wild garlic, roughly chopped

375ml cold water

400ml vegetable oil for deep frying

Method:

Put all the dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Gradually add water to the flour mixture to make the batter and it shouldn’t be too lumpy.

Batter should coat the back of the spoon and has the consistency of thick double cream. Add wild garlic and prawns. Rest batter for 5 -10 minutes.

Heat oil in a small saucepan or wok. Oil should be hot enough when you drop a tiny bit of batter in, it should sizzle and float to the surface very quickly.

Using a metal dessertspoon, spoon a dollop making sure there are prawns and wild garlic and drop them gently into the oil.

It should float to the surface pretty quickly.

Repeat and don’t overcrowd your pan.

Turn occasionally with a pair of chopsticks or tong to ensure even colour on both sides. It takes about 3 - 4 minutes to cook through.

Remove and drain on kitchen paper.

Serve with plum and sriracha dip.

Plum and sriracha dip:

Makes a small bowl, about 230ml

Ingredients:

5 tbs of sriracha chilli sauce

5 tbs of clear plum sauce

1 tbs of sesame seeds

Method:

Mix sriracha and plum sauce well in a mixing bowl. Sprinkle with sesame seeds.

Credit: Recipe adapted from MALAYSIA: Recipes from a Family Kitchen by Ping Coombes, Consultant Chef at Chi Kitchen (www.chikitchen.co.uk), published by Orion, Photography (c) Laura Edwards.


~_~


Japan’s new narrow-gauge wonder-train has proved so successful that it has completely sold out until April 2018 — despite a price tag that works out at up to £2 per minute. Even before the first run, on 1 May, demand has been so high that bookings have been allocated by lottery.

The Shiki-Shima is an extraordinary creation: a futuristic 10-coach train running on 3ft 6in-gauge lines and carrying a maximum of 34 passengers, who enjoy the most luxurious experience on the rails.

Shiki-Shima: The world's most luxurious train?







+ show all Shiki-Shima: The world's most luxurious train?





















1/12 The train's debut made waves in Japan AFP/Getty Images

2/12 The futuristic observation car Japan Rail East

3/12 The futuristic design has galvanised Japan Japan Rail East

4/12 The train will add a lux touch to Japan's landscape AFP/Getty Images

5/12 Entrance to a suite AFP/Getty Images

6/12 Bathroom of the Shiki-Shima suite AFP/Getty Images

7/12 No boring train food here Japan Rail East

8/12 You may not want to leave the observation car AFP/Getty Images

9/12 Rooms are more like hotel rooms than train cabins AFP/Getty Images

10/12 Log fires on trains are the new norm Japan Rail East

11/12 Expect fine dining on board Japan Rail East

12/12 The suites are perfect for working, reading and relaxing Japan Rail East

The train is the latest excursion venture by the East Japan Railway Company. Its basic three-night/two-day “summer tour” starts from Ueno station in Tokyo. Lunch and dinner are served as the train rolls north to the mountain resort of Yuzawa and passengers acquaint themselves with the facilities on board.

Five of the 10 coaches are filled by the standard suites — three to a carriage, offer comfortable beds and a bathroom with shower and toilet. Another has just two “deluxe suites", each with an aromatic cypress wood bath.

There is also an observation car at either end from which to watch the scenery roll past, a lounge and a dining car with Michelin accreditation. Service on board is by uniformed butlers.

The name Shiki-Shima means “Island of Four Seasons”. Even by the standards of luxury trains, it is expensive: a solo traveller taking a standard suite can pay the equivalent of £7,500, which works out at £2 for every minute of the 60-hour trip.

The train's top speed is just 70mph, barely one-third of that achieved in normal service by some Bullet Trains in Japan. As with the new Japanese-designed trains for the Great Western Railway in Britain, it is equipped with both electric motors and diesel engines.

After dinner on the first night, passengers are given a live performance of the traditional Japanese “Dance of the Dead” — which the company says has been designated “An Important Intangible Folk Cultural Property".

The train rolls on through the night to Hachinohe, on the Pacific shore almost at the northern tip of the island of Honshu. Here, oddly, passengers transfer to a different luxury train, the Tohoku Emotion, which has “an open kitchen where you can watch your food being prepared while you wait”.

This train trundles along the coast to Kuji, where passengers disembark for a sightseeing trip.

The bedrooms are more like hotel rooms than train cabins (AFP/ Getty Images)

After the return to Hachinohe and re-boarding the Shiki-Shima, dinner is served as the train meanders south to Naruko-onsen, a spa town set amid mountain scenery. After immersion in the “hot springs village”, passengers retire to their luxury suites.

The train slows to a crawl for the short overnight journey to Ichinoseki — prospective home for the International Linear Collider, a scientific research project which could help the search for dark matter. Passengers will be taken by bus to neighbouring Hiraizumi, home to a Unesco-listed temple complex.

Back on the train, one more lunch is served as the train returns to Tokyo.


~_~


3:57

Living With the Original iPhone... in 2017

Back in 2007, the iPhone was revolutionary. But what about using that same phone in 2017? WSJ's Joanna Stern locked up her iPhone 7 and attempted to make it through the day. Photo: Drew Evans/The Wall Street Journal.


~_~


QUETTA, Pakistan Gunmen on Thursday shot and killed a Pakistani regional political party leader in the city of Quetta, police said, the latest violence in the southwestern province of Baluchistan.

Malik Naveed, 38, and his guard, Mohammad Zareef, 42, died en route to hospital after gunmen riding two motorcycles attacked his car shortly after he had left his home, Superintendent of Police Ashraf Jattak said.

One of Naveed's relatives, who was with him in the car, was wounded.

Naveed is one of the leaders of the opposition Baluchistan National Party, which advocates for more funds from the province's rich natural resources to go to the indigenous ethnic Baluch people.

No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.

Baluchistan province, of which Quetta is the capital, has long been home to an insurgency by the nationalist and separatist groups, who accuse the central government of discrimination in distribution of revenues from oil, gas and minerals.

Taliban and al Qaeda militants, as well as Islamic State-aligned Sunni sectarian groups also operate in the province, which borders Afghanistan and Iran.

Violence in Baluchistan has raised concerns about security for projects related to the $57 billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor, a planned transport and energy link between western China to Pakistan's southern deep-water port of Gwadar.

(Writing by Kay Johnson; Editing by Robert Birsel)


~_~


Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

People walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

A member of the police works at the scene where a number of cars burnt down overnight at a Porsche dealership ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

German police walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist is detained by police following his arrival at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist carries a poster as he arrives at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

Among the 100,000 protesters expected in the city, some 8,000 are deemed by security forces to be ready to commit violence, posing a challenge for those tasked with securing the July 7-8 summit of leaders of the world's 20 biggest economies.

There has been no significant violence at several smaller demonstrations in the city this week, including a march on Wednesday by more than 7,000 beer-drinking mainly young revellers holding placards denouncing capitalism and G20 leaders.

But a fire overnight at a Porsche car dealer in the north of the city that damaged eight vehicles could be a foretaste of what's to come. Police said they were investigating whether it was an arson attack.

"There is no concrete evidence to link the incident to the G20 summit," a police spokesman told Reuters. "But we assume this is the case."

Locals are unhappy with Chancellor Angela Merkel's decision to hold the summit in the centre of Germany's second-largest city as they fear property damage by violent protesters. Their daily routines are also being disrupted by security measures.

Up to 20,000 police officers will be on duty to watch over the main demonstration, dubbed "Welcome to Hell" by the alliance of anti-capitalist groups who organised it. Protesters have said they will try to block roads in the city.

Merkel took a big gamble in deciding to host the summit, where leaders will hold talks on difficult issues from trade and climate change to African development, in the city of her birth.

Should the protests go awry, her reputation could be damaged less than three months before an election in which she is seeking a fourth term.

To air the locals' disenchantment, Hamburg-based soft drinks maker Fritz Kola has launched a poster advertising campaign featuring a portrait of Trump snoozing. A caption reads: "Wake up, man! Fritz Kola. Lots of caffeine".

Protesters say the G20 has failed to solve many of the issues threatening world peace, including climate change, rising inequality and violent conflicts.

'EGOISTIC LEADER'

Tens of thousands will gather at the fish market in the borough of St Pauli - known for its red light district - at 1400 GMT, around the same time as Air Force One is due to land in Hamburg. They will then march north to the heavily secured summit venue.

"It's ridiculous that police say some of us are violent when starting tomorrow the leaders of the world's largest weapon exporting and importing nations will be arriving in our city," said Stefan Hubert, a 32-year-old graphic designer who came to the protest on Wednesday with three friends.

Holding a placard reading 'Make love great again!' he added: "This summit is a waste of money that could be better spent on deploying more boats to stop migrants fleeing war and hunger from drowning in the Mediterranean."

Turkish-German protester Fatima Cicek said she and her two sisters came to the demonstration on Wednesday to make the point that the G20 is undemocratic as it is a forum where a handful of leaders make decisions that could impact the whole world.

But her main issue is with Trump.

"He is the most disruptive and egotistic leader at the summit," the veiled 38-year-old social worker said.

There is an irony in the protesters' dislike of Trump. The U.S. president and anti-capitalist activists have something in common: distrust of globalisation.

Yet Trump is in Hamburg to push for trade rules that benefit America, including steel makers facing tough competition from China, while the protesters are here to demand more rights for the poor regardless of where they live.

"Trump is here to promote his own interests and those of the richest people in America," said Cicek. "We are demanding more rights for the millions of people in Africa who have no roof over their heads."

(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Toby Chopra)


~_~





~_~


On the floor of Gertjan Vlieghe’s wood-panelled Bank of England office sits a small doorstop in the shape of a hedgehog – an animal not renowned for its speed. And its patient owner is certainly in no hurry to put up interest rates.

Mr Vlieghe, 46, who joined the Bank’s Monetary Policy Committee as an external member in 2015 has established himself as the most dovish member of the rate-setting committee.

Even before the Brexit referendum Mr Vlieghe was publicly fretting about the fragility of the UK economy and even floated the possibility that interests rates might need to pushed by the Bank into negative territory.

And so when the Leave side unexpectedly prevailed last June, prompting widespread fears of an imminent recession, Mr Vlieghe voted for an immediate cut in rates to 0.25 per cent. The eight other members of the Monetary Policy Committee wanted to hold their fire until they saw more data, although they joined him the next month in sending rates down to a new record low.

But now many of Mr Vlieghe’s colleagues are breaking the other way. In June, three external MPC members voted to increase rates back to 0.5 per cent, reversing last August’s cut, and creating the biggest split on the committee since 2011.

And since then, significantly, Andy Haldane, the Bank’s chief economist, has signalled that he is ready to join the hikers. If the arch-dove Mr Vlieghe were also to switch sides many financial traders would probably assume an August rate rise from Threadneedle Street was nailed on.

But not so fast. This dove is not for turning – at least not yet.

“I haven’t really changed my mind,” he says. “This is an environment where a premature hike would be a bigger mistake than one that turns out to be slightly late because of the asymmetry around risk.”

That risk, in Mr Vlieghe’s view, relates to the fact that rates are currently so close to zero. If the Bank raises rates and then has to reverse course because the economy falters it has much less room to cut.

“Our ability as a central bank to stimulate spending is...smaller than our ability to restrain spending,” as he put it in an unusually wide-ranging speech analysing the major structural economic forces acting on the UK economy in 2016.

Though he admits that inflation, which hit 2.9 per cent in May, is “uncomfortably high” he sees that primarily as the natural pass-through of the slump in the pound in the wake of the Brexit vote.

And he’s more concerned about the underlying weakness of the economy. Though the UK did not go into recession last summer, many see Brexit-related chickens coming home to roost now in the form of dwindling consumer confidence.

“I think the consumption slowdown is here, it’s not over,” says Mr Vlieghe, adding that he does not see investment and exports taking over the baton and driving growth.

“Of course if the data turns out stronger I do agree that a higher rates is warranted but my central forecast is that’s not going to happen in the near term.”

So would he be happy to vote in a minority to keep rates on hold, while the rest of his colleagues wanted to hike? Mr Vlieghe is unperturbed by the thought. “I will do whatever my reading of the data tells me is the right thing,” he says, matter-of-factly.

One gets the impression that the intellectually self-assured Mr Vlieghe, who traded in a partnership at the hedge fund Brevan Howard to join the MPC, would rather relish the prospect of arguing his corner against the odds.

“I spent ten years trying to forecast what central banks, including the Bank of England, were going to do next,” he says. “Having the opportunity to actually make the decision, rather than forecast it, was for me both fascinating and an honour and a privilege. The closest thing you can compare it to is if you sit in the football commentator’s box and someone says ‘do you want to go down on the pitch for a while?’”.

Mr Vlieghe’s office neighbour at the Bank, until this month, was fellow external MPC member Kristin Forbes. She has now left the Bank and in her final speech she suggested modern central bankers’ high profiles were making them too reticent to “take away the punch bowl” by raising rates.

“I completely disagree with that,” says Mr Vlieghe. “All of the decisions that have been made over the last few years have related very clearly to the data. We have been in an environment where, despite record low interest rates, growth has been subdued, inflation pressures have been weak everywhere, wage pressure is still very weak – that tells you those very low interest rates were entirely appropriate. If they hadn’t been we would have seen a lot of overheating…which we just don’t see."

“That period of low rates had nothing to do with reputation or political pressure or anything like that.”

For Mr Vlieghe, who was born in Belgium but now has dual UK citizenship, Brexit has personal repercussions. But he’s tight-lipped about how he feels personally about the vote, insisting his only focus as an MPC member is considering how it will impact the economy.

But how does the committee go about forecasting that given the immense political uncertainty?

“It’s very difficult to get your head around because it doesn’t matter what we think about Brexit, it matters what everyone else thinks, and the extent to which it influences their demand today,” he explains.

If firms start worrying about a cliff-edge Brexit in two years, he says, there could yet be a big damaging pullback of investment. On the other hand, if the UK seems to be heading towards a “lengthy transition deal” after 2019, effectively remaining in the single market and the customs union, things could perk up.

“That would be a very positive thing for business and investment and would therefore influence our interest rate policy,” he says.

Even hedgehogs can move rather rapidly when they want to.


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


The Natural History Museum has announced the shortlist for the Wildlife Photographer of the Year People's Choice Award.

The world-renowned photography competition had almost 50,000 submissions from 95 countries.

A selection of the contenders are pictured above, with their work including incredible snapshots of polar bears, jellyfish, snow geese and oxen in their natural habitat.

Members of the general public can choose from the full selection and have until 10 January 2017 to cast their vote. The winner will be announced early next year.

Alongside the People's Choice Award, an exhibition of 100 of this year's Wildlife Photography of the Year award winners is being held at the London Museum until 10 September 2017.

"Judged by a panel of international experts, winning images are selected for their creativity, originality and technical excellence," says the museum.

"The exhibition features the collection of 100 exceptional images that reveal the astonishing diversity of life on our planet, from urban foxes to mountain hares."




~_~





~_~


More than £47 million was paid in supposedly tax-free loans to players, managers and directors at Rangers through EBTs between 2001 and 2010 PA

The tax authorities have won a long battle with Rangers after the dismissal of an appeal by the UK’s highest court.

The ruling in the so-called Big Tax case by the Supreme Court in London is likely to give HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) the chance to pursue more football clubs, businesses and individuals for avoiding tax when using employee benefit trusts (EBTs).

More than £47 million was paid in supposedly tax-free loans to players, managers and directors at Rangers through EBTs between 2001 and 2010 — when the club was dominating Scottish football and owned by Sir David Murray. The ruling means HMRC can pursue some of the team’s former players and staff for a tax refund that could amount to millions of pounds.


~_~


4:35

How Amazon-Whole Foods Deal Changes Retail: Barron's Buzz

Barron's senior editor Jack Hough and WSJ's Shelby Holliday preview the latest issue of Barron's. Topics include how Amazon's acquisition of Whole Foods will likely change the retail landscape. Also, have we seen the end of the tech rally? Plus, J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon's views on banks and potentially higher dividends.


~_~


The Taj Mahal of Debt : TRUMP Surviving at the Top by Donald J. Trump with Charles Leerhsen (Random House: $21.95; 236 pp., illustrated ; 0-394-57597-0)

Have you seen the cover? There's the celestial Trump, floating in the clouds like a Tiepolo angel and flipping an apple into the air. The apple is supposed to represent New York, so you get the idea that Trump has New York in the palm of his hand, and the expression on his face says: "I've made it, you schmucks, and too bad about you."

The title alone, "Surviving at the Top," is so perversely marvelous that there ought to be a contest to invent others that could equal it. Here are a few candidates: Marie Antoinette's "Keeping My Head," Achilles' "Recovering From a Hamstring Injury," Gen. Custer's "Outfoxing the Enemy" and Jean Claude Duvalier's "President for Life."

But, alas, he did write another book, "Trump: Surviving at the Top," which is another kind of great deal, ranking right up there with "Vanna Speaks." It came out in New York the very week that Trump's lenders in New Jersey were working overtime to stave off the imminent bankruptcy of the great "survivor of success" himself, now saddled with the Taj Majal of Debt.

Why couldn't Donald Trump quit while he was ahead? He already owned Trump's Castle, Trump Tower, Trump Plaza and Trump Parc, and all of them "great deals," so what did he need with the disastrous Taj Mahal of Debt? Why build another casino?

Compare this celestial Trump on the cover of the new book to the one on the cover of the first book--"Trump: The Art of the Deal"--where the man appears to be sitting in a window, slightly elevated but within sight of the ground--and you realize how far Trump has risen in his own estimation, even in the short space of three years.

Compare the text of the new book to that of the old (there's a different ghostwriter this time) and you'll notice an obvious increase in the employment of flattering adjectives, such as: "dazzling trophy" (Trump's yacht), "fabulous structure" (his Plaza hotel), "marvelous facility" (a Trump casino), "jewel-encrusted casino" (another Trump plaything), "the magnificent Taj Mahal" (the Trump Taj Mahal), the "best airline of its kind" (the Trump shuttle), "adoring crowds," "huge talent" and "celebrity-studded events."

Under the circumstances, the Trump books have a definite new appeal in the humor category, which is how I would market them if I were Random House or Warner, right alongside Dave Barry. Throughout, there are funny quotes, such as: "Bankers now come to me to ask if I might be interested in borrowing their money. They know a safe bet"; or "I'm going to be building when everybody else has gone bust"; or Trump's advice to Mike Tyson: "Stay out of investments in real- estate deals and tax shelters."

Another rewarding way to read Trump is to study both volumes simultaneously. This, I found, gives many clues as to what has happened to Trump to drive him toward insolvency.

In Trump's initial memoir from three years ago, he was nearly all business: haggling, niggling, finding the good deals that would make him rich. In the photo section of the first book, there are two pages of Trump appearing with various "hot people," such as Herschel Walker and the Reagans, but seven pages of Trump's marvelous buildings. This more or less indicates where Trump's priorities lay: seven-to-two, assets over celebrities.

In "Surviving at the Top," photos of Trump buildings have been reduced to three pages, while there are 10 pages of him standing with Hulk Hogan, the Muppets, Michael Jackson, Don Johnson, George Bush, Sugar Ray Leonard, Benazir Bhutto, Mike Wallace and Mike Tyson, whom Trump describes as "more than just a great boxer . . . one of the most talked-about people in the world. "

Judging by the photo ratio, you begin to suspect that keeping up with investments has not been as interesting to Trump as keeping up with talked-about people, which seems to have become the man's real full-time job.

Should Trump personally welcome Kitty Dukakis to the Plaza Hotel? Should he retaliate against a major designer, whom he once helped with a substance-abuse problem and who has snubbed Trump's latest fashion show? Should he lend his helicopter to the Duchess of York? Should he refuse to shake Mick Jagger's hand after Jagger has hogged a press conference at one of Trump's casinos? Should he let Time magazine put him on the cover? Should he tolerate Frank Sinatra's boorish behavior at a nightclub?


~_~


Under Obama, the GOP thrived through conflict. The other party looks to be following that example.


~_~


Wimbledon has been interrupted by pigeons, a squirrel and on one occasion a swarm of bees. Yesterday it was hit by its first invasion of flying ants.

A player battling through the second round reported that one of the insects flew up his nose and Johanna Konta, Britain’s best hope for the women’s singles title, said she had swallowed some.

Sam Querrey of the US, who won his match against Thomas Fabbiano of Italy on court 18, said he had considered asking the umpire to stop the match.

“I have never seen that before,” he said. “They seemed to kind of go away after a while but if it [had] got much worse I was wanting to stop because they’re hitting you in the face.


~_~


Apple is working on "the mother of all AI projects" by "focusing on autonomous systems" designed for the automotive industry, says the tech giant's chief executive Tim Cook.

In an exclusive interview with Bloomberg, Cook said that Apple was working on "probably one of the most difficult AI projects". He added that autonomous systems were "a core technology that we view as very important."

While these systems are expected to be used on autonomous cars manufactured by existing car companies, Cook doesn't rule out the possibility of an electric Apple car in the future.

"It's a marvellous experience not to stop at the filling station or the gas station", he says, adding that "there is a major disruption looming" in the motoring industry.

Automotive industry expert David Bailey told The Guardian that Apple "can offer a number of things such as the software systems that enable the tech to function".

He adds that the company also has the ability to make driverless technology "extremely friendly for a passenger in a way that other tech companies haven't been able to do."

Rumours of an Apple car emerged in September 2015, says Wired, when it was revealed the Cupertino-based tech giant was developing a driverless vehicle under the name of "Project Titan".

These rumours were bolstered the following year. The website says that Apple "sent a letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) in Washington that alluded to its plans for a vehicle".

The firm also invested $1bn (£785m) in the Chinese ride hailing company Didi Chuxing last year, The Independent reports, but there has been no word yet on how Apple will apply the company's technology to its driverless project.


~_~


BEIRUT A suicide bomber in Syria's Hama killed two people and injured nine others on Thursday, state media said, in the second such attack in a government-held city this week.

State television said the attacker set off an explosive belt at a bus station in the southwest of the city.

The governor of Hama said the explosion killed two women, according to another state-run channel, Ikhbariya. It had quoted him earlier as saying three people had died.

On Sunday, a bomb killed 20 people and wounded dozens more in Damascus.

Since the start of the year, a string of blasts have hit the cities of Damascus and Homs, which are under the control of President Bashar al-Assad's government fighting rebel groups in the country's six-year war.

(Reporting by Ellen Francis; editing by Andrew Roche)


~_~


The logo of the city of Cologne is pictured on the door of a police car parked near the railway station in Cologne, Germany, January 11, 2016. Two Pakistanis and a Syrian man were injured in attacks by gangs of people in Cologne, German police said late on Sunday, the city... REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay


~_~


FILE PHOTO: Members of the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) and Philippine National Police (PNP) operatives meet during their anti-drug operations in Quezon city, metro Manila, Philippines March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

HONG KONG A second Philippine senator has called for an investigation into police conduct after a Reuters report revealed anti-drug squads were sending the bodies of slain suspects to hospital to destroy crime scenes and cover up executions.

A resolution, filed by opposition senator Leila de Lima on Thursday, is the second such request in less than a week and puts the Senate under increasing pressure to act.

The chairman of the Senate Committee on Public Order and Dangerous Drugs, former police chief Panfilo Lacson, told Reuters on Monday he would launch an investigation and invite witnesses named in the article to testify under oath. The Senate reconvenes at the end of July.

De Lima's chief of staff, Fhillip Sawali, said the two separate calls for a probe showed the gravity of the matter.

"It sends a clear message that this is something that is serious, that is worthy of the conduct of a Senate investigation," Sawali told Reuters.

President Rodrigo Duterte's office has yet to comment on the Senate moves.

Thousands have died since Duterte came to power a year ago and declared war on what he called the drugs menace.

The Reuters report, published on June 29, drew on data from two of Metro Manila's five police districts for the first eight months of the drug war along with interviews with witnesses, family members, doctors and police.

It detailed how the Philippine National Police had sent hundreds of dead drug suspects to hospital after anti-drug operations. It showed that the proportion of drug suspects sent to hospital only to be declared dead on arrival rose in step with international and domestic criticism of the drug war.

One police officer who spoke on condition of anonymity explained that the practice of sending drug war corpses to hospital was a tactic to avoid crime scene investigations and media attention.

Interviewed for the report, Metro Manila Police Chief Oscar Albayalde promised to investigate its findings. National Police Chief Ronald dela Rosa, who declined to be interviewed for the article, said later that the police lack the medical training to determine if a suspect is dead or alive.

(Reporting by Clare Baldwin; editing by Janet McBride)


~_~


Jeremy Corbyn is willing to tackle the organisers of Glastonbury festival over their use of zero hour contracts, his spokesman said yesterday.

The Labour leader addressed thousands at the event in Somerset last month and told the crowd that Britons should not have to “accept low wages and insecurity as just part of life”.

Michael Eavis, the organiser of the festival, has faced criticism over reports that hundreds of workers from across Europe were hired as litter pickers but laid off after two days because there was less mess than expected.

Asked whether Mr Corbyn could boycott the festival, which is next scheduled for 2019 to give the land at Worthy Farm a year to recover, the spokesman said: “Jeremy and the Labour party have…


~_~


Before Naughty Dog created the wise-cracking adventurer Nathan Drake and threw him into numerous set pieces in the acclaimed Uncharted series, the developer produced another PlayStation star called Crash Bandicoot.

It was 1994 and Jason Rubin and Andy Gavin had decided to work on a 3D action-platform game in which the main character would run into the screen, tackle obstacles and collect things. Two years later, and with the developer having created its own programming language and compression software in a bid to get the game running fluidly on the PSOne, the game was ready. It sold six million copies and Crash became the Sony console's unofficial mascot.

More than 20 years later, Crash is back, stomping the same old ground as he did all that time ago when he sought to stop Brio and Cortex from taking over the world while attempting to rescue his girlfriend, Tawna. In fact, put that original game next to this refashioned, new version and you'd be hard-pressed to see much difference.

Aside, that is, from the modern animation, hugely enhanced graphics, up to 1440p rendering, cool motion blurring, superb sounds and a rethink of how the game plays for a more demanding gamer on a platform that allows for greater technical prowess. For this is Crash Bandicoot for the PS4 and it has never looked or felt better.

You can't help but play this game with a smile on your face. Indeed, to pull off something as unique and yet as familiar as this is a masterstroke, with the developer straddling the fine line between a remake of a classic and straightforward remaster. We actually got a glimpse of the old Crash in the final installment of Drake's Uncharted adventures but while that allowed us to reacquaint ourselves with the basics, the pangs of nostalgia for those who remember this the first time round come flooding back as you remember how cool, exciting and progressive gaming in the 1990s proved to be.

That said, Crash does show its age. As you progress at speed, spinning to dispatch nasties, bouncing on boxes to collect fruit, leaping over gaps and avoiding constantly moving obstacles, you do realise how far we've come from such rudimentary mechanics. It's about as arcade as you're going to get, not that such a thing is a harsh criticism, but if you're after something to tax your brain, then it's not going to satisfy quite as well as the more fluid and expansive titles of today.

But that is missing the point. The three Crash Bandicoot games here – hence the trilogy – really do dazzle. You'll admire the cartoon-like scenery and, if you're that way inclined, may even cheer the artists for essentially ripping up the originals and putting in a ton of effort to make the fires glow more intensely and the blades of 3D grass stand starkly. It's quite a feat to take low-resolution graphics and work on them to such a degree that they are not only enhanced but still bear a striking resemblance to the original. Sometimes you think of retro games with rose-tinted glasses and are shocked the reality doesn't match the memory. This turns such a thing on its head.

One thing you'd remember if you played the original, though, is that it is a damn difficult game (more so when it comes to the racing sections that, unfortunately, still fare badly). Come a cropper and you can end up going way back to a distant checkpoint to start over. What's more, with waves of enemies, huge drops and the need for some exquisite timing, finishing the debut really can feel like a major accomplishment. No wonder Naughty Dog had made the other two games easier and that the latest developer Vicarious Visions has decided to put a few helping hands into the new versions. You can get power-ups and checkpoints that better suit your ability and for newbies, certainly, it's all the better for it.

It helps you fall in love with the game given you're not gnashing your teeth to as great a degree as you once would have. The upshot is that it'll encourage you to plunge into the new options, whether it's playing as Crash's sister, Coco, or competing in the time trial modes that allow you to compete with friends online. One thing's for sure, though, you will want to play. And replay. And try some more. That, ultimately, is the success both of this recreation and the original. It seems you really can't keep a good marsupial down.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Prime Minister's Questions returns for the second week since Parliament resumed after the general election.

Clashes between Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn are likely to focus on the issue of public sector pay, with ministers under mounting pressure to ease austerity and scrap the 1% cap on public sector pay increases.

A number of senior Tory ministers, including Boris Johnson and Michael Gove, have called for the cap to be lifted, but Chancellor Philip Hammond is standing firm - for now at least.

Labour's Shadow Chancellor, John McDonnell, has been granted an urgent question in the Commons on the issue, but that is unlikely to stop Jeremy Corbyn quizzing the Ms May about it too.

MPs are likely to grill the Prime Minister on the ongoing response to the Grenfell Tower disaster, with many of the victims still to be rehoused and Kensington and Chelsea council having been widely condemned for its actions in the days after the blaze.

Today's main politics stories are:

Austerity pay cap declared 'dead in the water after firefighters offer'

David Cameron says people who opposed austerity are 'selfish'

Scotland to end public sector pay cap next year

DUP says no power-sharing deal reached in Northern Ireland

Top BBC journalist snubs Theresa May's attempt to recruit him

Government taskforce to take control of parts of Kensington council


~_~


What term do you want to search?

This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here.


~_~


In 2015, every Conservative politician and newspaper screamed “Labour is planning an evil alliance to form a government, by talking to the SCOTTISH NATIONALIST PARTY!!” This would mean Alex Salmond could billet their pandas in our kitchens and they’ll drain their lochs onto the M1 so you can only get to Luton by submarine, then we’ll be forced to hand over our sunlight so Dundee gets the same amount in winter as Bournemouth.

Now we realise the reason they were so upset is because what you’re supposed to do if you can’t form a government is make an agreement with the Democratic Unionist Party.

Unlike the SNP, who emit extremist ideas such as scrapping tuition fees and installing a new one-way system in Falkirk, the DUP offer moderate policies, such as strolls through built-up areas, joyfully singing about the day in 1682 when all local Catholics were fed to a tiger.

UK news in pictures







30 show all UK news in pictures

























































1/30 5 July 2017 Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaking after being awarded an honorary degree at the University of Edinburgh in Edinburgh AFP/Getty

2/30 5 July 2017 Spectators are led in on day three of the Wimbledon Championships at The All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club PA

3/30 4 July 2017 Queen Elizabeth II talks with Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon during an audience at the Palace of Holyroodhouse PA

4/30 4 July 2017 Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay, with his wife Kati Mackinlay, leave Westminster Magistrates' Court in London where he faced charges over his 2015 general election expenses PA

5/30 3 July 2017 Security staff with dogs before the start of play at Wimbledon Reuters

6/30 2 July 2017 Competitors take part in the first ever Ironman triathlon to be held in Scotland. Almost 2000 competitors took part in the grueling swim, cycle and road race which ended in Holyrood park. The swimming section was held at Preston Links in Prestonpans. PA

7/30 1 July 2017 People hold placards reading 'Wot A DisMay' and 'Not One Day More' as they take part in an anti-austerity demonstration outside Parliament in London, Britain. Tens of thousands of people took part in a demonstration against British Government and called to end austerity, further cuts and privatisation. EPA

8/30 30 June 2017 A screen displaying an image of Martyn Hett outside Stockport Town Hall as mourners arrive for his funeral on June 30, 2017 in Stockport, England. Twenty-nine year old Martyn Hett was one of 22 people who died in the suicide bombing at Manchester Arena after attending an Ariana Grande concert Getty Images

9/30 29 June 2017 Campaigners from Avaaz dressed as British Prime Minister Theresa May and Australian media Mogul Rupert Murdoch pose during a photocall outside the Houses of Parliament on Campaigners from Avaaz dressed as British Prime Minister Theresa May and Australian media Mogul Rupert Murdoch pose during a photocall outside the Houses of Parliament on June 29, 2017 in London, England. Culture Secretary Karen Bradley announced that the Competitions and Markets Authority is to conduct a further six-month investigation into Murdoch’s proposed £11.7bn takeover of Sky. Getty Images

10/30 27 June 2017 Workers using safety harnesses abseil off Bray Tower on the Chacots Estate in North London. The abseilers were taking measurements and taking notes as they scaled the building. The high-rise Tower blocks in Camden are still in the process of evacuation with some tenants refusing to leave after the cladding on the buildings was discovered to be similar to that found on the fire stricken Grenfell Tower Pete Maclaine / i-Images

11/30 27 June 2017 Workmen start to remove cladding on Hornchurch Court, Hulme, Manchester as as Prime Minister Theresa May has said there must be a "major national investigation" into the use of potentially flammable cladding on high-rise towers across the country over a period of decades in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire PA

12/30 26 June 2017 A festival-goer sleeps outside their tent at the end of the Glastonbury Festival of Music and Performing Arts on Worthy Farm near the village of Pilton in Somerset, South West England Getty

13/30 26 June 2017 Residents leave their home on the Taplow Block on the Chalcots Estate on June 26, 2017 in London, England. Residents of the Chalcots Estate have been urged to leave their homes due to fire safety fears in the wake of the Grenfell Tower tragedy. Four of the five Chalcots Estate towers in Camden, North London, are being evacuated after they were found to have similar cladding to that on Grenfell, attributed to contributing to the rapid spread of the blaze last week that killed at least 79 people Getty Images

14/30 25 June 2017 Police officers on Romford Road in Forest Gate, east London, as people protest over the death of Edir Frederico Da Costa, who died on June 21 six days after he was stopped in a car by Metropolitan Police officers in Woodcocks, Beckton, in Newham, east London PA

15/30 24 June 2017 Britain's opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn addresses revellers from the Pyramid Stage at Worthy Farm in Somerset during the Glastonbury Festival REUTERS

16/30 23 June 2017 British Prime Minister Theresa May addresses a news conference at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, June 23, 2017 Reuters

17/30 22 June 2017 Cosplay fans (L-R) George Massingham, Abbey Forbes and Karolina Goralik travel by tube dressed in Harry Potter themed costumes, after a visit to one the literary franchise's movie filming locations at Leadenhall Market in London, Britain Reuters

18/30 22 June 2017 Racegoers cheer on their horse on Ladies Day at the Royal Ascot horse racing meet, in Ascot, west of London Getty

19/30 21 June 2017 A reveller walks among the tipi tents at the Glastonbury Festival of Music and Performing Arts on Worthy Farm near the village of Pilton in Somerset, South West England Getty

20/30 20 June 2017 A police officer lays some flowers passed over by a member of the public, close to Finsbury Park Mosque in north London, after one man died and eight people were taken to hospital and a person arrested after a rental van struck pedestrian PA

21/30 The Borough Market bell is seen in Borough Market in central London following its re-opening after the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

22/30 Two women embrace in Borough Market, which officially re-opens today following the recent attack, in central London REUTERS/Hannah McKay

23/30 Mayor of London Sadiq Khan attends the re-opening of Borough market in central London following the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

24/30 People walk through Borough Market in central London following its re-opening after the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

25/30 News Corp CEO Rupert Murdoch, with one of his daughters, visit Borough Market, which officially re-opened today following the recent attack REUTERS

26/30 A woman reacts in front of a wall of messages in Borough Market, which officially re-opened today following the recent attack, in central London REUTERS/Hannah Mckay

27/30 Vivenne Westwood walks the runway at the Vivenne Westwood show during the London Fashion Week Men's June 2017 collections Getty Images

28/30 Millwall fan and London Bridge hero Roy Larner on 'Good Morning Britain' Rex

29/30 Richard Arnold, Roy Larner, Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid on 'Good Morning Britain' Rex

30/30 11 June 2017 England players celebrate after defeating Venezuela 1-0 to win the final of the FIFA U-20 World Cup Korea 2017 at Suwon World Cup Stadium in Suwon, South Korea AP

They’ve embraced inclusiveness in recent times, reaching out to a diverse group of white Presbyterian fundamentalists. And they’ve even made efforts to adopt some Catholic values, such as insisting abortion is a sin for which the Lord will exact mighty vengeance, raining down with unimaginable fury upon the heathen filthy dirty vermin who have anything to do with it. They don’t even allow you forgiveness for confessing it, which shows how much effort they’ve made, by managing to be even more crackpot about it than the Vatican.

They’re associated with a few quirky attitudes that some Catholics still object to, such as the statement often made by their founder, Ian Paisley, that the Pope is the anti-Christ. But to be fair he only ever said this quietly.

In any case, supporters of the Conservatives insist the influence of the DUP will be minimal. One way they’ve already changed things is Theresa May often refers now to the “Conservative and Unionist Party”, which she rarely did before.

By next week she’ll be saying “our team in the Brexit negotiations is strong and stable, especially ya wee man David Davis so he is. And my message to Jeremy Corbyn is ‘will ye catch yerself on’.”

Then the Queen will begin her speech to open the new parliament, “My government will ensure there is no surrender, no surrender, no surrender to the IRA”, and announce a bill to encourage the arts, by commissioning a mural called “men in balaclavas” to cover the outside of St Paul’s Cathedral.

Theresa May responds to John Major criticism over DUP deal

One impressive side to the DUP is they don’t restrict themselves to Northern Irish matters, they have a wide range of interests. So Edwin Poots, once their environment minister in the Stormont parliament, objected to the sign at Giant’s Causeway, as it explained the geological reasons for the rock formation over a period of millions of years. This was a ridiculous and misleading sign, he said, as the earth was only six thousand years old, as you could tell from the Bible.

So the Queen’s Speech might include a bill to remove the dinosaur skeletons from the Natural History Museum, as they didn’t exist anyway, and be replaced by a fascinating display of flutes.

Even the procession before the speech will be more colourful than normal, as the equerries abandon their usual tunics and wear orange sashes, and take a detour through an Irish pub for a song about the day when County Fermanagh was boiled in molten lead by the Apprentice Boys of Carrickfergus.

Then instead of banging on the door of the Commons with his stick, Black Rod will march to Westminster Cathedral and use it to put the windows in.

The DUP have been accused of being in alliance with paramilitaries, but this seems a little unfair. For example in 1986, their leader Peter Robinson is reported to have supported a group called Ulster Resistance, declaring: “The Resistance has indicated that drilling and training has already started.” The DUP is reported to have severed its ties, when the group was linked to the arms trade, having procured guns from apartheid South Africa.

The Queen’s Speech has been delayed two days while the agreement is reached, but this seems reasonable, as I’m sure the Tories and their newspapers would be just as understanding if the Labour Party ever delayed a Queen’s Speech, so it could organise an agreement with Sinn Fein.

Even so, the new government is a delight, because usually they take three years to start fraying, over predictable issues such as Europe. But this one starts in a state of utter confusion and can collapse in a hundred different ways, possibly in an argument between Liam Fox and Kenneth Clarke about how many raisins to put in a scone.

The Conservatives have no idea how they landed in this mess and even less idea what to do about it, and that guarantees all kinds of entertainment.

Strangely, I was on the radio with Iain Duncan Smith on Sunday, and he delivered a speech on the necessity for unity in the Conservative Party. Then the presenter mentioned that Nicky Morgan had called for a leadership election, and Smith said: “Well she would, that’s typical of her.” Then an interview with Michael Heseltine was played, and he muttered “What a fool, why does anyone bother interviewing him, the man’s a fool” all the way through.

So it’s a novel form of unity they’re after, in which every one of them agrees to call all the others a steaming t**t who ruined everything. Give it three months and the DUP will announce: “We can’t stay in coalition with the Conservatives, this lot are an irrational chaotic bunch of extremists.”


~_~


We all have stressful periods in our lives - whether that’s through work, family or relationships.

And when you’re under a lot of pressure, it can be hard to stay calm and react sensibly.

One person who knows a thing or two about doing so, however, is Ben Murphy, former team leader of the Red Arrows and competitor in the Red Bull Air Race, which took place in Budapest last weekend.

We flew out to Budapest to meet Murphy, take a spin in his plane and learn his secrets for keeping cool under pressure.

Ben Murphy

After 16 years in the RAF, 41-year-old Murphy decided to move into aerobatic flights for a new challenge.

High speeds, obstacles and 10G forces mean flying the plane can be incredibly dangerous, and Murphy says the Red Bull Air Race is his “ultimate flying challenge.”

But when the risks are so great and the pressure to perform so high, how does he stay calm? Well, he just sits on his hands. Metaphorically at least.

“The best piece of advice that we got through training is that if something goes wrong, take a deep breath and don’t respond instantly,” Murphy explained to The Independent.

“We used to call it sitting on your hands. Avoid the temptation to start pulling levers. Take a couple of seconds and absorb all the information you have coming to you.

“That one or two seconds gives your brain the time to process what’s going on and you’re about 90 per cent more likely to take the right course of action and make the right decisions after that than if you just dive straight in and do it instinctively.”

The Red Bull Air Race in Budapest last weekend

And it’s advice that anyone can apply in their lives.

With just a few minutes to practise on the course before each race, there’s a lot of pressure on Murphy. And things have gone wrong before.

“Everybody at this level has had a situation where they’ve been properly tested,” he explains. “I had it in a harrier where we had what’s known as a bird strike - we flew through a lot of birds, they hit the aeroplane, and when you’re doing 480mph a seagull does a lot of damage.

“The birds destroyed the glass canopy over the top of us, they went down the engine and damaged the wings. The plane essentially turned into a 480mph cabriolet! It was windy and noisy but we just went through the drills, managed the damaged aircraft and brought the plane down.

“It was only when we thought about it afterwards that we realised what had actually just happened and that we’d done something really quite complicated.”

And even if nothing goes wrong, taking part in an aerobatic flight is an experience that’ll give anyone a rush, as I found out when I took a flight in Murphy's plane.

What it's like to fly in a stunt plane for the Red Bull Air Race

So whilst not everyone manages to control their foul mouth in extreme situations, Murphy says he’s always been calm: “I like to think I’ve always been a very calm person. It’s a prerequisite for something like this and certainly in my military flying days - performing under pressure is exactly what they’re looking for.”

Time to practise sitting on my hands (and keeping my mouth shut).


~_~


1/29 Brexit concerns shrink UK's lead as Europe's top finance hub Brexit concerns have bitten into the UK’s lead as Europe’s top financial services location for investors, new research shows. The UK’s financial services industry has retained its title as Europe’s most attractive location for international investment, but its lead has narrowed due to fears over the impact of Brexit, according to a report by professional services firm EY. Reuters

2/29 Longest squeeze on household incomes since 1970s, says ONS The aggregate real disposable income of UK households has fallen for three quarters in a row for the first time since the 1970s, according to the Office for National Statistics. The ONS said that the inflation-adjusted compensation of the household sector fell 1.4 per cent in the first three months of 2017, reflecting spiking inflation and weak pay growth. Macrobond, The Independent

3/29 Brexit worries Wimbledon strawberry farmer who depends on EU workers The owner of the farm which provides Wimbledon with its strawberries has said she hopes there is a “mechanism” for European citizens to work seasonally in the UK after Brexit. Marion Regan, who owns Hugh Lowe Farms in Kent with her husband Jon, relies on seasonal labour to make sure Wimbledon is supplied with fresh strawberries throughout the tournament. Reuters

4/29 Consumer confidence slips back to post-Brexit vote lows Consumer confidence is now almost back down to the lows seen in the wake of last June's Brexit referendum, adding to a picture of a wilting consumer in the face of fast rising inflation and weak wage growth. The latest GfK Index slipped to -10 in June, down from -5 in the previous month, its lowest since last July.

5/29 Tobacco giant Philip Morris wants everyone to quit smoking Philip Morris International, the world’s second largest tobacco company, has said it wants people to quit the habit. Peter Nixon, UK and Ireland managing director for the global tobacco giant said “We are absolutely serious - one day we want to stop selling cigarettes.”

6/29 Alibaba’s Jack Ma warns evolving technology could cause World War III Chinese business magnate Jack Ma said that evolving technologies are likely to pose a threat to more than just the job market and could in fact trigger a Third World War. In an interview with CNBC, the billionaire chairman of Alibaba said that world leaders have a duty to educate people to prevent the pain caused by a rapid rise in automation and artificial intelligence. Getty

7/29 Japanese bank Nomura chooses Frankfurt for EU headquarters after UK's withdrawal Nomura picked Frankfurt as the headquarters for its European Union operations after the UK leaves the bloc, people with knowledge of the matter said. Japan’s biggest brokerage will start preparations this month to form a base in the German financial centre, one of the people said, asking not to be identified as the matter is confidential. It will seek regulatory approval and find office space before transferring fewer than 100 employees from London to the city, according to the person. Getty Images

8/29 will.i.am says artificial intelligence will be more disruptive to UK tech than EU withdrawal The reckless rise of artificial intelligence is going to be much more disruptive for the London technology scene in the longer run than Britain’s departure from the EU, according to musician, entrepreneur and philanthropist will.i.am. Speaking at an event celebrating his collaboration with Atom Bank, an app-based digital-only bank launched last year, the founding member of The Black Eyed Peas said that by 2030, Brexit will be “an old school thought” for the UK’s rapidly evolving tech industry and AI will present a much more acute challenge. Getty Images

9/29 How climate change will threaten food security of world's poorest countries Some of the world’s poorest countries will be hit hardest as climate change affects marine fisheries all over the world, according to a new study. The global fishing industry produces a total catch worth of about $90bn (£71bn) but the warming ocean temperatures are causing many valuable species to shift their usual ranges. Lisa Murray

10/29 Supersonic passenger jet to take off next year An American firm is promising the return of supersonic passenger aviation, with transatlantic airfares “about the same price as today’s business class tickets”. Boom, based in Denver, says London-New York will cost £2,000 one-way and take just 3 hours 15 minutes. With a planned cruising speed of 1,451mph, the plane is almost 100mph faster than Concorde.

11/29 Casamigos: George Clooney tequila brand sold for $1bn to drinks giant Diageo George Clooney is selling his US tequila brand Casamigos to British beverage company Diageo for almost $1bn (£790m). The London-based distiller will initially pay $700m (£553m) for Casamigos and possibly an additional $300m (£237m) based on the performance of the brand over the next decade. The purchase will be Diageo's biggest since it bought United Spirits for $3.2 billion (£2.5 billion) in 2014. Getty Images

12/29 Jaguar Land Rover to create 5,000 new jobs Britain's biggest carmaker Jaguar Land Rover will hire 5,000 staff as it boosts its skills in autonomous and electric technology, a welcome business endorsement as Prime Minister Theresa May starts Brexit talks after a botched election. JLR, which employs more than 40,000 people globally, said it would hire 1,000 electronic and software engineers as well as 4,000 additional personnel including in manufacturing, most of whom will be based in Britain.

13/29 European shares rebound as Emmanuel Macron wins historic majority Internet giants will face increased pressure to tackle online extremism as European leaders were expected to back a UK-led drive for tougher internet regulation. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson will lead calls to ensure there is “no safe space for terrorists” to plot attacks and share radical material online when he attends a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Luxembourg on Monday. Reuters

14/29 The real reason UK employers hire European Union workers While the end of free movement is presented by politicians as ‘taking control’, for employers it means quite the reverse – it means a loss of control, it means new barriers to recruitment and, for some, the risk of irreparable damage. In our research at the National Institute for Economic and Social Research (NIESR) before and after the referendum vote we’ve detected a gradual change in outlook among employers. AP

15/29 Boris Johnson calls on internet giants to leave 'no safe space for terrorists' Internet giants will face increased pressure to tackle online extremism as European leaders were expected to back a UK-led drive for tougher internet regulation. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson will lead calls to ensure there is “no safe space for terrorists” to plot attacks and share radical material online when he attends a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Luxembourg on Monday. Rex

16/29 Amazon to buy Whole Foods for $13.7 billion Amazon, the e-commerce behemoth that sells everything from toothpaste to tennis shoes, has announced it will purchase grocery store Whole Foods for $13.7bn (£10.7bn). The Seattle-based retailer will buy the popular health food chain for $42 per share, pending approval by its shareholders. Getty

17/29 Workers producing Ivanka Trump's fashion line subjected to verbal abuse and 'poverty pay' Ivanka Trump has come under fire again after workers at a factory making clothes for her brand in Indonesia described an environment of “verbal abuse” and poverty wages. More than a dozen workers at the factory in Subang told the Guardian that they regularly work unpaid overtime and are paid one of the lowest minimum wages in Asia, despite production targets that are impossible to meet. AP

18/29 EU launches antitrust investigation into Nike, Universal Studios and Hello Kitty owner The EU has launched antitrust investigations into Nike, Universal Studios and the owner of the Hello Kitty brand, over their licensing and distribution practices within the single market. In a statement, the European commission said that it was looking into whether the three companies were illegally preventing retailers from selling certain goods licensed by them across borders and online, thereby breaking competition rules.

19/29 Morrisons is selling 16oz 'Daddy of all burgers' for Father's Day The “daddy of all burgers” has arrived, just in time for Father's Day. Morrisons launched the huge, one pound, 18cm monster, which should satisfy even the hungriest of dads, on Wednesday. Each one is made by butchers in-store using 100 per cent British beef seasoned with paprika, sage and parsley. Morrisons claims it is the biggest beef burger money can buy in a UK supermarket, and it costs just £3. Shoppers will have to be quick however, as the oversized patties are only available until Sunday. PA

20/29 Verizon completes Yahoo acquisition and announces CEO Marissa Mayer's resignation Verizon Communications said on Tuesday it closed its $4.48bn (£3.51m) acquisition of Yahoo's core business and that Marissa Mayer, chief executive of the internet company, had resigned. The completion of the acquisition marked the end of Yahoo as a stand-alone internet company, a tech pioneer once valued at more than $100bn. REUTERS

21/29 Thames Water hit with £8.55m fine after failing to reduce leakages Thames Water has been hit with a £8.55m penalty for failing to reduce leakages, regulator Ofwat said on Wednesday. A “cluster of significant bursts” meant that Thames Water’s leakages increased by five per cent since last year, according to the company’s annual report. This brought the leakages up to 677 million litres per day, exceeding the 630 million target. PA Wire

22/29 UK General election 2017: Pound sterling hovers near two-week high as voters take to the polls The pound traded near a two-week high against the dollar on Thursday morning, as the first voters took to the polls in the UK’s general election. Sterling was recently trading little changed against the dollar at around $1.2955, not far off its $1.2970 peak hit on Wednesday, which was the currency’s highest level since 25 May. Reuters

23/29 UK car production slumps by nearly a fifth in April as timing of Easter bites - Thursday May 24 UK car manufacturing plummeted by almost a fifth in April, as the timing of Easter ate into the number of production days in the month. Reuters

24/29 Marks and Spencer reports slump in profit hurt by clothing sales and cost of new food stores - Wednesday 24 May High street stalwart Marks and Spencer has reported a more than 60 per cent fall in pre-tax profit in the year to the end of March, hurt by a decline in clothing sales and higher costs from opening new food stores. Pre-tax profit came in at £176.4m for the year, while sales were broadly steady at £10.6bn. Food revenue was up 4.2 per cent. Reuters

25/29 Apple named world’s most value company in tech-dominated Forbes ranking - Tuesday 23 May Tech behemoth Apple has been named the most valuable brand in the world for a seventh consecutive year. The highly-regarded ranking, compiled by Forbes magazine, puts the iPhone makers’ brand value at $170bn, a 10 per cent increase on figure for 2016 and well ahead of second-placed Google, whose brand value has risen $19.3bn from last year to just under $102bn, according to Forbes. Tech peer Microsoft nabbed third spot, with a value of $87bn, followed by Facebook at $73.5bn. Consumer goods giant Coca-Cola rounds out the top five with a value of $56.4bn. Reuters

26/29 Diamond ring bought for £10 at car boot sale expected to fetch £350,000 at auction - Monday 22 May A large, diamond ring is expected to fetch £350,000 at auction 30 years after its owner paid £10 for it at a car boot sale, thinking it was a costume jewel. The “exceptionally-sized” stone was presumed not to be real because 19th Century diamonds were not cut to show off their brilliance like today's gems. And so the owner, unaware of its value, wore it for decades, while doing everything from the shopping to the chores. PA

27/29 $110 Basquiat sold by Family who bought it for $19,000 - Friday 19 May Jean-Michel Basquiat’s painting of a skull sold for $110.5 million at Sotheby’s in New York, setting an auction record for American artists and providing a windfall for the daughter of two collectors who purchased it for $19,000 in 1984. Getty Images

28/29 Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One announces 117 new episodes - Friday 19 May The company that owns the Peppa Pig brand has announced that it is producing 117 new episodes for the popular children’s cartoon. The new series will air from spring 2019 and take the total number of Peppa Pig episodes to 381. Getty


~_~


This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.

... don't store is still crystal directing implemented for ... killing those golf course architect ... is ultimately though ... how do you allow players to play through certain aspects of the golf course ... when a near seven organizers offer him ... record your project with your hands to his job he needs to be research would of course look like during his side process ... to the power of the likes of clout to just let it heal axis of all data possible creditors in its ... soil conditions weather data and even geographic data of all the D tells of the Gulf ports ... but never thought that that was possible golf courses are unique from one to the other ... Micra soft providing satellite imagery preparing us for the location as each of you will be a significant improvement of the golf course design ... thinking about all that sort of backgrounds of your mind is free to ultimately be much more creative ... what excites me about its projects to be killed data that will skew Beats transform the works ...


~_~


One of wrestling's biggest stars John Cena returned to WWE on Smackdown Live last night.

The 16-time world champion has been absent from the sports entertainment world since April's Wrestlemania event in Orlando.

He's since been busying himself with television and film commitments in Hollywood, but made his return on the Independence Day episode of Smackdown Live in typical fashion, challenging old rival Rusev to a bout that will take place at the upcoming Battleground pay-per-view.

WWE WrestleMania 33 in pictures







31 show all WWE WrestleMania 33 in pictures



























































1/31 Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal WWE/Craig Melvin/2017

2/31 Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal

3/31 Neville vs Austin Aries WWE/Craig Melvin/2017

4/31 Dean Ambrose vs Bron Corbin

5/31 Tinashe WWE/Craig Melvin/2017

6/31 Raw Tag Team Championship Fatal Four-Way

7/31 The New Day

8/31 AJ Styles vs Shane McMahon

9/31 AJ Styles vs Shane McMahon

10/31 AJ Styles vs Shane McMahon

11/31 Kevin Owens vs Chris Jericho

12/31 Kevin Owens vs Chris Jericho

13/31 Raw Women's Championship fatal Four-Way

14/31 Raw Women's Championship fatal Four-Way

15/31 Raw Women's Championship fatal Four-Way

16/31 Raw Tag Team Championship Fatal Four-Way WWE/Craig Melvin/2017

17/31 Raw Tag Team Championship Fatal Four-Way

18/31 Raw Tag Team Championship Fatal Four-Way WWE/Craig Melvin/2017

19/31 Raw Women's Championship fatal Four-Way

20/31 John Cena & Nikki Bella vs The Miz & Maryse

21/31 John Cena & Nikki Bella vs The Miz & Maryse

22/31 John Cena & Nikki Bella vs The Miz & Maryse

23/31 Seth Rollins vs Triple H WWE/Craig Melvin/2017

24/31 Randy Orton vs Bray Wyatt WWE/Craig Melvin/2017

25/31 Randy Orton vs Bray Wyatt

26/31 Randy Orton vs Bray Wyatt

27/31 Brock Lesnar vs Goldberg

28/31 Brock Lesnar vs Goldberg

29/31 Brock Lesnar vs Goldberg

30/31 Smackdown Women's Championship

31/31 The Undertaker vs Roman Reigns

The 40-year-old has significantly lessened his WWE schedule over the last 18 months but he remains by far the company's biggest and most lucrative asset.

His film career has begun to blossom, however; the star of the Daddy's Home films has recently been filming scenes for the Kay Cannon film The Pact.

Meanwhile, while Smackdown Live's stars prepare for Battleground later this month, their Raw counterparts take stage for their pay-per-view show this Sunday.

The main event sees Brock Lesnar defend his Universal Championship against Samoa Joe.


~_~


John Lewis’ long-standing “Never knowingly undersold” promise has come under fire after an investigation showed the retailer was selling certain products at a higher price than available elsewhere.

The slogan has been a cornerstone of the department store’s marketing campaign since 1925 and guarantees that it will refund British shoppers the difference if they can find the same product for less elsewhere.

On its website John Lewis says: “Our dedicated price-monitoring team proactively check the prices of branded products at our high street competitors every day, including online and during sales. If we find that they are selling the same individual product, sold with the same service conditions, at a lower price, we’ll meet that price in our shops and at johnlewis.com. So we don’t expect you to find a lower price elsewhere. But if you do, you can easily make a price match request.”

Now, an investigation by consumer website MoneySavingExpert.com has shown that the retailer did not cut the advertised prices of 15 out of 16 products even after it was informed that those products were being sold more cheaply by other retailers, including Tesco and Toys R Us.

To test the policy, MoneySavingExpert.com purchased a range of different products - all of which were sold for lower prices elsewhere - over two consecutive days in March, from John Lewis stores and its website.

Following buying the goods, money experts monitored the price of 16 items the retailer had agreed to issue price match refunds for - therefore accepting its price had been undercut.

But after seven days John Lewis had only dropped the price of one of the items.

Martin Lewis, founder of MoneySavingExpert.com, said the research shows John Lewis is not always the “champion of price” it wants customers to think it is.

“The failure was not limited to a few items, which could have been put down to just having a bad day - it was well over 90 per cent of them. Some of these are due to its processes simply not working, others due to its 'eight mile' policy - that effectively says it'll give individuals who ask a refund, but keep the price higher, and only reduce it for others who ask,” Mr Lewis said.

“If John Lewis wants to tout its 'Never Knowingly Undersold' catchphrase, it should put up or shut up, or it risks losing its great reputation,” he added.

The world’s most valuable brands







10 show all The world’s most valuable brands

















1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance

2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016

3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 Amazon

4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before

5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016

6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn

7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn

8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn

9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn

10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo

A spokesperson for John Lewis told The Independent: "Never Knowingly Undersold is at the heart of everything we do and we are disappointed that MSE focused on a small number of specific examples rather than the millions of prices that we lower each year. We will look at the detail of their report to see where we can make improvements for our customers in either our processes or communications on the website.

"John Lewis is the only department store with a comprehensive price promise. Never Knowingly Undersold means that we proactively check the prices of tens of thousands of products everyday so our customers can be confident of getting the best possible price on the high street. If a customer has found an identical product, sold with the same conditions, we would match the price. We have a dedicated price-monitoring team who proactively check the prices of tens of thousands of branded products at our high street competitors every day, including products on their websites."


~_~


Alex Hales hit the highest score ever recorded in a county final at Lord's as Nottinghamshire beat Surrey by four wickets to win the Royal London One-Day Cup.

Neither Hales nor Surrey's Mark Stoneman were included in England's Test squad announced on Saturday, but each sent a timely message to Joe Root and the selectors as Hales smashed a match-winning 187 not out after Stoneman had posted 144, also unbeaten.

The pair now boast two of the top three knocks ever seen in a county final at Lord's, with Hales smashing Geoffrey Boycott's 1965 record of 146 while Stoneman finished just two short.

Both could have been removed early after Hales was dropped by Ollie Pope on nine and Stoneman by Steven Mullaney on 32 but it was the former's awesome display, eclipsing his previous career-best of 171 for England last year, that inspired Nottinghamshire to reach their 298-target.

Hales' effort will go down as one of the great one-day innings, coming in 167 balls and including 20 fours and four sixes.

It means Surrey have now lost three successive finals in this competition after defeats to Gloucestershire in 2015 and Warwickshire last year, while retiring Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read, who made a crucial 58, was given the perfect send-off in what is likely to be his final outing at Lord's.

Hales steered his county to glory with a historic knock (Getty)



Stuart Broad was passed fit for the Outlaws after a recent heel problem and Luke Fletcher replaced the injured Jake Ball. Surrey's Scott Borthwick was preferred to Rory Burns.

Surrey skipper Gareth Batty won the toss and chose to bat first but his side's strong start was as much due to some dismal Nottinghamshire fielding as any skill at the crease.

A half-full crowd had barely taken their seats when, from Fletcher's first ball of the day, Riki Wessels failed to collect a Jason Roy (23) edge at first slip and then Mullaney put one down at cover, this time after Stoneman had lifted generously into the air.

Stoneman was again spared when Read dropped an albeit more difficult chance behind but Nottinghamshire sparked a revival with four wickets in eight overs.

Roy rode his luck at the beginning of his innings (Getty)



Kumar Sangakkara (30), Borthwick (14), Ben Foakes (one) and Pope (four) were the guilty parties as Surrey tumbled from 141 for one to 180 for five but Stoneman remained undeterred as an edge behind confirmed his century.

Surrey, at 255 for seven, were looking for a big finish but Gareth Batty (11) and Jade Dernbach (one) both departed cheaply to leave the Outlaws needing a respectable 298 to win.

Just as Surrey started with an early drop so did Nottinghamshire, as Hales thrashed a drive straight at Pope in the covers but the ball popped out of the 19-year-old's fingers.

Lumb on four was beaten lbw by Sam Curran (three for 60) but Hales took full advantage of his reprieve by blasting a quick 50 off 35 balls.

Hales helped Notts win their first trophy since 2013 (Getty)



Ravi Rampaul saw off the dangerous pair of Wessels and Patel for six and seven respectively before Brendan Taylor, also on seven, feathered Dernbach through to the hands of Foakes.

But Hales was on a one-man mission, combining technical precision with brazen power-hitting, and he secured his century in just 83 balls with Nottinghamshire 134 for four.

It could have proven irrelevant had Read not finally provided a partner for Hales, who secured 200 for his side in the 32nd over and then 150 for himself, a flick to fine leg ensuring he cruised past Boycott's 52-year long record.

Read's half-century drew one of the day's biggest cheers from the travelling support but when he picked out Sam Curran in the deep, all that was left was for Hales and James Pattinson to seal victory with two overs to spare.


~_~


Pliskova leads Czech Wimbledon challenge after Kvitova exit LONDON The Czech challenge for the Wimbledon women's title may have lost Petra Kvitova but third-seed and bookmaker's favourite Karolina Pliskova will continue her bid on Thursday.

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

Tomic attracts indignation and concern Down Under SYDNEY Australia reacted with indignation and some concern on Thursday to Bernard Tomic's admission after a lacklustre first round defeat at Wimbledon that he was struggling to care about his results at major tournaments.

Nishikori, Osaka keep Japanese flag flying high in SW19 Japan continued to maintain a keen interest in both singles tournaments at Wimbledon after Kei Nishikori advanced to the third round with a win over Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky on Wednesday and Naomi Osaka followed suit in the women's draw.

Federer and Djokovic aim for match-point glory LONDON Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after both were denied a chance to savour match-point glory in their first-round matches.

Thiem hopes to bring Paris form to Wimbledon grass LONDON French Open semi-finalist Dominic Thiem takes on France's Gilles Simon at Wimbledon on Thursday, hoping to make inroads into what has been the weakest grand slam for one of the so-called next generation of men's tennis.

Dominic Thiem v Gilles Simon - head-to-head LONDON Facts and figures ahead of Thursday's second-round clash between Austria's Dominic Thiem and Frenchman Gilles Simon at Wimbledon (prefix number denotes seeding).

Dominic Thiem v Gilles Simon - 2017 record LONDON A look at the 2017 records of Austrian Dominic Thiem and Frenchman Gilles Simon ahead of their second-round match at Wimbledon on Thursday (prefix number denotes seeding):


~_~


A video blogger has apparently live-streamed herself being poisoned - by eating a plant which she mistakenly thought was aloe vera.

The 26-year-old - known online as Zhang - appeared on an internet live-stream holding two large dark-green leaves, which look similar to those of the aloe vera plant.

During the broadcast – called Aloe Vera Feast – she is seen taking a large bite out of one of the leaves, but it quickly becomes clear that something is wrong as she remarks upon the surprising bitterness of the plant.





According to Shanghaiist, she was actually eating Agave Americana, a poisonous plant which contains known irritants.

She reportedly broke out into "rashes and blisters", and had her stomach pumped to remove traces of the plant. While it's hard to confirm that local reports about the veracity of the video, it does highlight the potential dangers of laymen experimenting with more exotic plants.





The agave plant's sap contains calcium oxalate crystals, acrid oils, saponins, and other compounds which irritate the human body. A page on the US Food and Drug administration’s website lists scores of studies into the plant’s harmful effects.

Cornell University’s college of agricultural and life sciences says the plant has several toxic compounds, and calls the calcium oxalate crystals "incredibly irritating".

Aloe vera can be eaten, and is often juiced or pulped ( Getty Images)

Actual aloe vera leaves are harmless – other than producing a laxative effect in larger doses – and food and fitness bloggers regularly whizz up the plant's leaves in smoothies, or add it to salads.

The outer skin of the plant can be eaten but it's often tough and stringy, so generally only the clear inner part of the stalk is eaten.

Agave is best-known as the plant from which pulp is turned into tequila (Getty Images/iStockphoto)



Some avoid the hassle of separating the stalks by simply juicing the plant, or gently poaching it to soften it up.

The agave plant does have culinary uses, and is best known for mescal and tequila, which is made from the fermented pulp. However, the exotic desert plant needs careful preparation to avoid any significant side-effects.


~_~


In 2012 Ms. O’Grady won the Walter Judd Freedom Award from The Fund for American Studies. In 2009 Ms. O'Grady received the Thomas Jefferson Award from The Association of Private Enterprise Education. In 2005 Ms. O'Grady won the Bastiat Prize for Journalism awarded by the International Policy Network for her articles on the World Bank, the underground economy in Brazil and the bad economic advice the U.S. often gives to Latin American countries. In 1997 Ms. O'Grady won the Inter American Press Association's Daily Gleaner Award for editorial commentary.

Ms. O'Grady received a bachelor's degree in English from Assumption College and an M.B.A. in financial management from Pace University


~_~


The lure of a good floating hotel never fades. With Edinburgh planning a boat hotel, set to open next year, here are some of the best watery beds to be found in big cities.

The Queen Mary: Los Angeles

This transatlantic vintage vessel has been in service since 1930, and, now moored in Long Beach harbour, has barely changed since its glory days. Original taps and tinted pink mirrors serve as relics of its heyday, and walking around the deck is a trip back in time. The grandiose liner is also an exhibition space, with a long-running exhibition of Princess Diana’s clothes. Doubles from $127 (£104)

A different take on Paris (Facebook)

OFF Paris Seine: Paris

Huge, luxury boats may not be the first thing that springs to mind when you think Paris, but this catamaran-style hotel has been making waves since its June opening. There’s a bar overlooking the Seine, and a lavish patio with a plunge pool opens in the summer. Doubles from €116

The best city boat hotels







+ show all The best city boat hotels

















1/10 Sunborn London has pride of place in Docklands Facebook

2/10 Sleep on the Seined in OFF Paris Facebook

3/10 The Zambezi Queen is a cross between a hotel and a river cruise Facebook

4/10 The Vintage Luxury Yacht Hotel is a new take on Burmese style Vintage Luxury Yacht Hotel

5/10 Sunborn Gibraltar dominates the Rock Facebook

6/10 The Queen Mary lives on in Long Beach Facebook

7/10 CPH Living is one of the top hotels in Copenhagen Facebook

8/10 Eat on the water at CPH Living Facebook

9/10 The days go slowly on the Zambezi Queen Facebook

10/10 The Amstel botel is in Amsterdam's hipster district Amstel Boatel

CPH Living: Copenhagen

Copenhagen’s converted freight boat has become a firm favourite in the Danish capital. Its minimalist suites pack in floor-to-ceiling windows and rainforest showers. Its proximity to the city centre (minutes from Copenhagen central station) means that guests can combine the quiet of a floating stay with the hubbub of boho Christianshavn. Doubles from £194

Sunborn : London

London’s four-star Sunborn, inhabiting a superyacht in the heart of the Docklands area, features therapy rooms, two luxury restaurants, yacht suites and a typically British Afternoon Tea option for its guests. Rooms are retro-lux. Doubles from £140

Eat on the water at Salt & Sill (Facebook)

A floating hotel built on two pontoons, Salt & Sill’s granite-floored and wood-furnished rooms are in the main building but the Salt & Sill’s pièce de résistance is its bath and sauna boat, a lightweight fibreglass catamaran moored alongside the hotel. Guests can lounge on the sundeck,in the hot tub, or take a quick dip in the North Sea. Doubles from 2,290 SEK (£209)

Zambezi Queen: Botswana

A cross between a hotel and a river cruise, the Zambezi Queen takes guests on a two-night ride down the Chobe River in Botswana, drifting along just 16 miles on its journey, with meals made from locally sourced ingredients. Guests can enjoy excursions and activities including fishing, birding and game viewing. Doubles from $495 (£407)

Amstel Botel: Amsterdam

Amsterdam’s known for its quirky hotels and this 175-room three-star vessel is no exception. It’s moored in the hipster NDSM area, an easy (and free) ferry ride from Centraal station and the city’s traditional delights. Doubles from €115

Sunborn Gibraltar even outshines the Rock (Facebook)

Sunborn: Gibraltar

Marble shower rooms, Juliet balconies and panoramic views are just three of the many decadent features of this Sunborn vessel. It also houses four different bars, a spa stocked with Elemis products, a casino and a gym. Doubles from £185

Vintage Luxury Yacht Hotel: Yangon

An astonishingly different take on the Burmese capital, this superyacht turns back time with meticulously designed vintage-style furnishings, well-sized rooms and a lavish bar and public areas. Doubles from £43


~_~


Tony Blair was not "straight with the nation" about his reasons for going to war in Iraq, Sir John Chilcot says. In his first interview since publishing his report on the conflict last year, the inquiry chief said the evidence given was "emotionally truthful", but relied on beliefs rather than facts. Blair's spokesman said "all these issues" had been dealt with.


~_~


Narcissists tend to get the furthest in life. That's the most disheartening fact that writer Eric Barker learned after spending almost a decade trying to uncover what makes some people glittering examples of success and others, well, not so much.

“Narcissists do better in job interviews, are more attractive on first dates, and are more likely to be promoted to leadership positions,” Barker, who has recently released the book Barking up the Wrong Tree off the back of his blog of the same name, tells The Independent. “It's distressing to realise that, at least in the short term, a lot of bad behaviour can pay dividends.”

After poring over studies into the, albeit subjective, notions of happiness and success since the summer of 2009 Barker has made a heap of uncomfortable discoveries. In that time he has unpicked common questions including whether nice guys really do finish last, if sucking up to your boss ever works and, er, what we can learn from serial killers when it comes to excelling in our careers.

Disconcerting for both parents, children and adults in denial, Barker has found that being at the top of the class quickly becomes unimportant in the ‘real world’, depending on a person’s life goals. And if becoming an world-innovating billionaire sounds appealing, listen up.

Writer Eric Barker has found that narcissists do best in life in the short term (Michael Goode )

Barker cites a 1995 study conducted at Boston College in the US which documented the lives of 81 valedictorians for 14 years after they graduated. Sure, 90 per cent of them went on to have professional jobs, and 40 per cent climbed to the highest possible role in their respective fields. But zero had achieved anything truly world-shattering.

On the contrary, separate research into 700 millionaires found that their average GPA was 2.9 and their winning quality wasn’t sticking to the beaten track or obediently learning how to pass exams, but breaking the rules. Often, that didn’t go hand in hand with academic prowess.

Apple CEO Steve JObs had a lower than average GPA of 2.9 but has changed how we live (Getty)

Another study at the Stanford Graduate School of Business showed that managing how your boss sees you is more important than working hard when it comes to climbing the career ladder. And separate research at the University of California Berkeley into ass-kissing found that it never backfires, even when a manager knows that it's totally insincere.

And if going against the grain to achieve wild success while stepping on more than a few toes sounds familiarly like the behaviour of the current president of the US, Donald Trump, Barker explains that he neatly fits into research at Harvard which showed that leaders fall into two categories: filtered and unfiltered.

The top 10 happiest places to live in Britain







+ show all The top 10 happiest places to live in Britain

















1/10 Outer Hebrides The happiest places to live in Britain according to the latest well-being analysis released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) Rex/Patrick Dieudonne / Robert Harding

2/10 Mid and East Antrim

3/10 Newark and Sherwood

4/10 Purbeck

5/10 Orkney Islands Chmee2/Creative Commons

6/10 Winchester Wikipedia

7/10 Fylde

8/10 Antrim and Newtownabbey

9/10 Lichfield

10/10 Fermanagh Rex

"Filtered leaders are thoroughly vetted by the system and tend to maintain the status quo. Unfiltered leaders don't go through the standard checks and balances; like entrepreneurs or politicians who come to power through an unlikely series of events. Trump is the most 'unfiltered' president America has ever seen. Unfiltered leaders don't play by the standard rules, in fact, they may not even be familiar with the standard rules. Their tenures are marked by big changes, often negative, sometimes positive. Trump has probably shown us that a lot of Americans were seeking change — and they're likely to get it. For better or for worse."

So far so depressing. But Barker is adamant that his research isn't intended to turn us all into heartless psychopaths, nor does it spell doom for those who aren't naturally narcissistic or sycophantic. Quite the opposite. Luckily he also found that, in the end, being a jerk doesn't pay off as the workplace becomes bloated with liars and schemers, creating an unpleasant environment that is hard to sustain in many cases. In addition, while our interactions with others are certainly important they aren't the be all and end all, but rather part of a wider picture. Barker found that what was even more important than worrying about what is going on around you when chasing success is recognising and cultivating specific skills.

US president Donald Trump is an unfiltered leader (AP)

“I'm naturally an introvert,” he says, “but I knew for the book I'd need to reach out to people and get help. In chapter four, when I explore the old maxim of “It's not what you know, it's who you know” I detail some of the most effective networking techniques according to the academic research. I leveraged those to connect with some of the people whose stories I told. Without the help of those tips, I would have missed out on some of the most inspiring and insightful parts of the book."

Recognising that he is an introvert rather than attempting to mask it, he adds, is one of the most important lessons he has learned since and one of the biggest mistakes that most people make when they try to improve their lives.

"Most people don't really take the time to objectively 'know thyself'. They aren't clear on their personal strengths and weaknesses," stresses Barker. "Without that information, it's hard to align yourself with a good environment where you'll thrive, with the right people who can help you compensate for your shortcomings, and difficult to know what skills you need to double down on and which ones you might want to work on or ignore."

"A lot of the maxims we've been taught about success are myths or half-truths, but there is a lot of information about getting ahead that is valuable, if not essential," he adds. "Success is possible for everyone but we need to start with a better understanding of ourselves and have a personal definition of success that is aligned with that." Whether or not that involves being a narcissist is up to you.


~_~


1/25 Yulia's ace rental Kazakhstan’s rising tennis star Yulia Putintseva, may have made an early Wimbledon exit but at least she has this ace Fulham retreat to recoup in for the rest of the summer. Scroll right... paulkporter

2/25 Fulham, SW6 Putintseva found the four-bedroom home for £290 a night on UnderTheDoormat. paulkporter

3/25 Fulham, SW6 The house has a huge kitchen and a garden and Putintseva plans to entertain pals there during her stay. > Scroll right for more A-list homes... paulkporter

4/25 St Lucia's got just the right mix for Perrie Little Mix singer Perrie Edwards posted snaps of her Caribbean hols with soccer star boyfriend Alex Oxlade- Chamberlain to her 6.5 million Instagram fans. The couple stayed in new over-the-water bungalows at Sandals Grande St Lucian. A week all-inclusive starts at £5,825 per person. Visit sandals.co.uk.

5/25 Better be quick, Kim Apparently, reality TV star Kim Kardashian is such a Jackie O fan that she splashed out £292k on a watch that belonged to her at a recent sale at Christie’s. She could be the perfect buyer for Jackie Kennedy's grand childhood home, for sale for £38 million. It has nine bedrooms and 13 bathrooms, all of which have been extensively renovated. Getty

6/25 Greg's sure to cook up a storm Masterchef presenter Gregg Wallace has invested in a £1m farmhouse in Kent. The five-bedroom property sits in five acres of land and has its own stables and pond. Not surprisingly, the kitchen was a big selling point for greengrocer-turned-foodie TV personality Wallace. Rex

7/25 Live like a Legend John Legend and Chrissy Teigen's former LA home is for sale, with its own recording studio and a glass-walled living area that opens on to a patio and wooden deck overlooking the Hollywood Hills. The couple sold the place for £1.57 million in 2014 but it is back on the market for £1.96 million. > Read more... Rex

8/25 The Hoff's slice of paradise Baywatch star David Hasselhoff has bought a villa on the Indonesian island of Gili Meno. There are 86 remaining properties in the Bask development and buyers are entitled to use their property for up to 30 days a year, with the villas let out as part of the resort for the rest of the year. Prices currently start at £172k, about half the cost of comparable property in Bali. The resort features 24-hour room service, daily housekeeping and luxury catering. It’s Baywatch, but not as we know it… > Read more...

9/25 Dahl’s Bexley cottage Roald Dahl grew up in Bexley. There, the late author of children’s modern classics including Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, The BFG and Matilda regularly stayed with friends at Flint Cottage when he returned to the area to do readings for youngsters at the local library. Now five-bedroom Flint Cottage, built in 1931, is for sale for £825k and remains the only flint-built home in Bexley Village. > Read more...

10/25 Tate chief fights to save his old home Tate galleries director Sir Nicholas Serota has made a fresh bid to stop the demolition of his family’s former Hampstead home. Sir Nicholas, the Arts Council England chair, has appealed for the £2.9m property to be protected, claiming proposed designs are an “example of overdevelopment”. > Read more...

11/25 Liam’s Hampstead oasis is £1.65m Liam Gallagher’s old cottage is for sale in Vale of Health bordering Hampstead Village. The rocker and his girlfriend Debbie Gwyther, pictured, now live in an apartment in the next-door north London village of Highgate. If you fancy a summer cottage in a quiet spot, the property is for sale for £1.65m. > Read more... Rex

12/25 Brand Beckham hits Covent Garden David Beckham and his business partner Daniel Kearns are leasing a unit in Floral Street, Covent Garden, for their Kent & Curwen British heritage sportswear flagship store which is expected to open in September. Designed by Paris-based Architecture + Associés, the concept is inspired by a skylit vintage gym and features a central box in aged metal and hand-blown green glass. > Read more... Getty / Alamy

13/25 Meg’s neighbours are Justin and Harry Actress Meg Ryan has bought a flat in New York’s fashionable Tribeca district. The Harry Met Sally star splashed out £7m on a three-bedroom, three-bathroom flat in the same building as singers Justin Timberlake and Harry Styles. > Read more... Getty

14/25 Haslam’s house for a born entertainer Nicky Haslam, interior designer to celebrities including Mick Jagger, Roman Abramovich, Bryan Ferry and Rod Stewart, created a glam Knightsbridge home that’s now on the market for £16.95m. The five-bedroom house is pure Haslam luxury, with a spa floor including gym, Jacuzzi, steam room and rainshower room. > Read more... Damien McFadden

15/25 Kim’s £7 million TV mansion Seen by more television viewers than just about any other mansion in recent years, Palazzo Dei Sogni is for sale in the Hollywood Hills for £7.08m. Styled to resemble an Italian castle, it has been the TV “home” in several big shows including Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Built in 1983 and remodelled in 2005, the 7,800sq ft pile has seven bedrooms, eight bathrooms and sits in an acre of grounds. > Read more... Getty

16/25 Home of an icon Pop star Diana Vickers will portray the late, great Dusty Springfield in the new musical Son of a Preacher Man and, as part of her research, she should surely book a viewing at the lateral Art Deco house in Aubrey Walk, Kensington where Sixties icon Springfield lived with her lover, Norma Tanega. The modern, seven-bedroom home is for sale for £15.5m after a £1m price drop. > Read more... Dave Benett

17/25 Sugar sidekick sells sanctuary Lord Sugar’s aide Claudine Collins is selling her Belsize Park flat. The two-bedroom, two-bathroom flat close to Primrose Hill, South End Green and Hampstead Heath, is on the market for £1.35m. Warm in winter and cool in the summer, Collins says her house has been an ideal sanctuary away from her hectic business lifestyle. > Read more... Rex

18/25 In vogue A slice of British Vogue’s heritage is for sale as the fashion powerhouse enters a new era, with Alexandra Shulman handing over the editorship to Edward Enninful. Beatrix Miller edited the magazine for 21 years until 1985, and now her Mulberry Walk house in SW3 is for sale for £8.95m. > Read more...

19/25 Fancy Fitzrovia or Cornwall? Film-maker Monty Whitebloom, who will release Look Away starring Chloë Sevigny and Aiden “Poldark” Turner this year, is selling both his home in Fitzrovia and his retreat in Cornwall. The 18th-century mews, just off the media hotspot of Charlotte Street, has been listed for £2,425,000. > Read more... Getty

20/25 "Paparazzi-proof" Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel have reportedly bought a NY penthouse in a block favoured by celebrities for its "paparazzi-proof" credentials. The A-list couple are thought to have forked out almost £15.6m for the Tribeca home. > Read more... Getty

21/25 Plenty of room for the girl squad Singer Taylor Swift has her sights set on west London so she can be close to her British actor boyfriend Joe Alwyn. She needs plenty of space for her squad, plus a pool and an extravagant interior design, so this 8,000sq ft four-bedroom Chelsea townhouse, with interiors by Rabih Hage, could be a hit with the Shake it Off singer. > Read more... Getty

22/25 Uptown Funk The publisher of mega chart hit Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson ft. Bruno Mars, New Songs Administration's HQ is one of London's more discreet celebrity addresses. But the building's musical days could be numbered as the licence has been changed to residential use - offering the chance to create a three-bedroom house - with permission in place for a basement. It's on the market for £1.65 million, through Lurot Brand. > Read more... Getty

23/25 Rental’s royal links Fashion designer Lindka Cierach counts royals as clients. The Duchess of Cambridge and actress Dame Helen Mirren have been spotted in her designs. So it’s fitting that Cierach’s former Parsons Green home has an understated glamour. The five-bedroom house is for rent at £2,300 per week with Hamptons International. > Read more... Getty

24/25 LA housewife heads for NYC high life Former Real Housewives reality star, Yolanda Hadid is swapping Los Angeles for New York's 30 Park Place, where a penthouse would set you back £23.3m. Hadid’s new home is in the tallest Downtown residential tower at 926ft, with 82 storeys and sweeping 360-degree views of New York City. > Read more... Getty


~_~


What term do you want to search?

This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here.


~_~


Tanya Rivero anchors Lunch Break featuring a mix of hard news along with 'business of life' interests like health, culture, lifestyle and luxury real estate.


~_~


Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs


~_~


Libya’s most powerful military commander has declared victory in the three-year battle to liberate Benghazi from jihadist militias.

Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar announced that his troops had seized the final district of Libya’s second city from extremists, including fighters loyal to Islamic State.

“Benghazi has entered into a new era of safety and peace,” said General Haftar, dressed in a white uniform during a televised address. "Your armed forces declare to you the liberation of Benghazi from terrorism, a full liberation and a victory of dignity.”

The victory marks a major advance for the Gaddafi-era commander, who is backed by Egypt and UAE, and now controls most of east Libya and the country's oil crescent. It bolsters his chances of becoming the country’s new military…


~_~


Why go now?

No longer just the temple-studded gateway to Thailand’s jungly, mountainous north, Chiang Mai has a new draw: it’s Asia’s coolest creative city. In recent years Chiang Mai has become a hub for digital nomads and creatives thanks to cheap rents, fast 4G connections and an explosion of co-working spaces such as Punspace Nimman (1) and Mana Coworking (2).

Hipsters aside, if you’re here in April, the annual Songkran (Thai New Year) celebrations turn Chiang Mai into a giant water fight. That’s great timing, since the temperatures nudge a sweaty 40C during spring.

There are worse places to work – join the digital nomads at Punspace

Get your bearings

Anchored by the Ping River (3), a tributary of the Chao Phraya, second city Chiang Mai feels almost sleepy compared to Bangkok. This is no bad thing: Chiang Mai’s compactness is its biggest asset.

The main temples and markets all lie within the old city walls, an area of one square mile. You’ll probably want to sleep outside of it, though – its streets are thronged with tuk-tuks, backpackers on motorbikes and cheap massage joints. Chiang Mai, once the capital of the ancient kingdom of Lanna, runs on tuk-tuks and you can get almost anywhere in the back of one – even to the departures door of the airport (4).

The government tourist office (5) (tourismchiangmai.org) is on Chiang Mai-Lamphun Road, although you’ll find your hotel is more useful when it comes to organising tours and suggesting itineraries.

The Ninman Mai? Design Hotel: that question mark isn’t a typo

Day one

Take a view

The view from sacred Wat Phra That Doi Suthep (6), Chiang Mai’s main temple, is the city’s most blockbuster panorama. It’s even more spectacular at sunrise if jetlag’s got you in its clutches – the only downside being you’ll have to climb 309 stairs up the Naga Serpent Staircase to see it.

Dating back to the 14th century and still a working monastery, the gilded temple complex is 15km outside the city. Make your way past orange-draped monks, golden spires and shrines to the far side of the wat for a view over Chiang Mai and the lush mountains beyond. If you don’t fancy the full day’s hike up the hill, flag a songthaew – a pick-up truck acting as a shared taxi – from the Old City (7).

Monks at the Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep temple just outside of Chiang Mai (Getty)

Take a hike

Back down the hill, get your songthaew to leave you at Nimmanhaemin Road (8), the epicentre of hipster Chiang Mai, where South-east Asia’s espresso-fuelled digital nomads have made their home. Walk down the kilometre-long road (they call it “Nimman”) and spy them tapping on fancy laptops, drinking tiny coffees at Ristr8to (9) (0066 53 215278; ristr8to-coffee-chiangmai.com) at number 15/3, famed for its latte art; sipping European beers at Beer Republic (10) (0066 53 216568; beerrepublicchiangmai.com) at number 11; or nosing around the rotating art and installations at cosy Gallery Seescape (11) (0066 93 831 9394; facebook.com/galleryseescape) at 22/1.

Fancy latte art at Ristr8to Coffee (Facebook)

Lunch on the run

Yayee Hotel (12) (0066 99 269 5885, hotelyayee.com), at 17/5 Sainumphueng Road, is the hipster lunch venue of choice (“yayee” means “darling” in Thai). The in-house Hungry Heart Café serves a menu spanning Northern Thai and Western plates and the cocktails (if you make lunch a liquid one) come from mixologist Nath Arjharn, newly arrived from Bangkok bar Hyde and Seek. It’s not just for lunch, though; come back after 5pm, when the rooftop opens, for fantastic panoramas overlooking the northern Thai hills and Doi Suthep (6).

Cultural afternoon

You might’ve come to Chiang Mai to hang out with South-east Asia’s creatives, but you’ll want to see some temples too – there are over 300 in the city alone, and some of the most impressive are within the Old City walls. Start at bling Wat Phra Singh (13), guarded by golden lions. Cool off with a fresh juice from the stalls outside before walking up to vast Wat Chedi Luang (14), a crumbly, terracotta, elephant statue-studded complex.

Meet the locals at the Elephant Jungle Sanctuary

An aperitif

When the sun goes down, Charoenrat Road (15), on the banks of the Ping River, amps up. At number 89, join local musicians and blissed-out tourists sitting cross-legged on rattan mats, listening to grungy live bands and slurping huge bottles of icy Chang beer at The Old Place (16) (0066 61 318 1256; facebook.com/theoldplacecafe).

Dine with the locals

A few doors down, at 25-29 Charoenrat Road, you’ll find The Gallery Restaurant (17) (0066 53 248601; thegallery-restaurant.com), a riverside joint that fuses local art and food. Standout dishes include sour/spicy tom yum soup and khao soy noodles (made with coconut milk and usually chicken, a Chiang Mai specialty). It’s a local restaurant with high-class visitors: Hillary Clinton paid a visit in 1996. If that doesn’t suit, try smart, candlelit Riverside Bar & Restaurant (18) (0066 53 243239; theriversidechiangmai.com) nearby at 9-11 Charoenrat Road.

Check in with the nomads at Hotel Yayee

Day two

Out to brunch

Just south of Chedi Luang (19), at 175/12 Rachadamnoen Road, is My Secret Café in Town (20) (0066 81 499 9911; facebook.com/mysecretcafeintown), though it’s anything but secret. Soothe your hangover with smoothies, Thai ice tea and pastries (including gluten-free goodies, naturally) in its mosaic- and flower-filled setting. It’s not just one for brunch – it’s open 8am-10pm, and if you’re here on a Tuesday night, there’s live music.

Window shopping

The still-developing district of Wat Umong (21) is home to a newly built “artists’ village”, Baan Kang Wat (22). On Sundays, alongside the coffee shops, tiny galleries and gift boutiques, local artisans gather to sell their work in leafy surroundings. Films are screened in the intimate amphitheatre. It’s open 11am-6pm, Tuesday to Sunday. Afterwards, waltz over to flamboyant The House (23) (0066 53 4190 1113; thehousethailand.com) at 199 Moon Muang Road, a shop-restaurant combo where you’ll find a mash-up of local art, French DJs streamed through the sound system, a mini boutique selling bold kitchenware and trinkets, and homemade cakes and smoothies. It’s open 9am-11pm.

Take a ride

Around 40 miles outside the city is the Elephant Jungle Sanctuary (24) (0066 95 698 4422; elephantjunglesanctuary.com), a conservation effort spearheaded by Chiang Mai locals and hill tribes to protect Thailand’s pachyderms. A half-day tour (12-6.30pm, £40) allows you to interact with the animals in a safe but playful environment – you’ll feed them bananas, give them a mud bath and then wash them off in the river.

My Secret Cafe in Town perfects ‘tropical hipster’ (Facebook)

The icing on the cake

The night bazaar (25) on Chang Klan Road does tender skewers of gai yang (grilled chicken), buckets of fresh juices, slices of durian and mango and bowls of khao soy for pocket change. Its lively atmosphere and trendy crowd don’t hurt, either. Open 7pm-12am daily.

Travel essentials

Getting there

Flying from the UK will require a stopover either in the Middle East or Asia. Thai Airways (0844 561 0911; thaiairways.com) flies via Bangkok from £511 return.

Chiang Mai International Airport is a 15 minute drive from the centre. As the airport is so close to town, public transport is limited – but there are plenty of cheap private options. The easiest way is to flag a tuk-tuk or a songtheaw outside the terminal building, where you’ll pay no more than 100 baht to your hotel (around £2.20). Alternatively, find the pre-paid taxi stand outside arrivals. You’ll get a coupon with the price written on it (no more than 300 baht, around £6.70 – barter it down if the quote is higher than this) and then pay at your destination.

Staying there

It’s no typo – boutique bolthole Nimman Mai? Design Hotel (26) (0066 53 400 567; nimmanmaihotel.com) on Nimman is so hip it has that question mark in its name. Interiors are inspired by different countries along the Silk Road. Doubles from around £50 per night, B&B.

Sridonchai Road’s urban resort Yaang Come Village (27) (+66 5323 7222, yaangcome.com) is quiet and jungly with an Instagrammable pool and rustic rooms, all with balconies. Doubles from around £100 per night, B&B.

The best hotel in town is the turbo-luxe Anantara (28) (+66 53 253 333, anantara.com) on the banks of the Ping River. The vibe is colonial-meets-contemporary-Thai – it’s a tranquil place to relax for a few days. Doubles from £185 per night, B&B.

Visiting there

For on-the-ground tours, check out backyardtravel.com/destinations/thailand

More information

tourismchiangmai.org


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~





~_~


Sumner Redstone has power to remove Viacom CEO from his trust

Sumner Redstone has the power to remove Viacom Inc Chief Executive Philippe Dauman, but not his daughter Shari, from the trust that will control his $40 billion media empire after his incapacitation or death, according to two sources familiar with the matter.


~_~


People on all sides of the political spectrum are beginning to talk about the idea of basic income — the idea of paying, without conditions and independent of all other earned income, a monthly stipend just large enough for the meeting of every citizen's basic needs, like food and shelter.

Talking is extremely important for everyone to be doing, but as the saying goes, it's also cheap. So as the world talks about it, I'm already living it.

Since January 2016, I've been getting a basic income made possible by the crowdfunding platform Patreon. I now have over 300 patrons, allowing me tostart each month with $1,000— just at the poverty line in the US ($12,060 per year). This is a floor of economic security, and I'm free to earn as much additional income as I choose.

While headlines about machines eliminating job s provoke feelings of anxiety in many people, I'm not one of them. I feel a sense of security, since I know there's always going to be a bare minimum income on the first of each month.

Understandingthe true meaning and importance of security was the first thing I learned from obtaining my own basic income, but it wasn't the last. Here's how having basic income affected events in my life over the past year and a half, and what it further revealed to me about the idea.

Basic income as infrastructure

Starting at $1,000 instead of $0 each month not only provides security, but also functions as a kind of liquid infrastructure. Since it can be used to buy anything , it can take any form, and when something critical is unexpectedly lost, that object can be more easily replaced.

I experienced this when a tornado unexpectedly showed up near where I was driving and broke a window in my car. Replacing that window was something I couldn't avoid, and it wasn't covered by insurance.

That's the kind of sudden unavoidable expense that can cause rapid downward spirals for many. Just over half the population of the US can't handle a $400 expense without going into debt. With basic income, replacing my window was just a matter of shifting discretionary income priorities instead of skipping bills or going into debt.

Basic income as space

Earlier this year, I lost one of the closest friends I ever had . He was my dog and we'd journeyed through life together for almost 13 years. He died on a Friday night, and that Monday I was so grateful to have a day to grieve by myself. I couldn't imagine being forced to work that day, and it made me wonder just how many people out there are going through matters in their lives that basic income would help with mentally.

Someone need not be self-employed for basic income to give them that extra bit of courage to tell their boss they need to take the day off. But without basic income, they would go to work and be practically worthless, their minds firmly elsewhere instead of on the job.

Sometimes we just need space. The unconditionality of basic income helps in creating the space necessary to just be for awhile.





Basic income as duty

In 2016, for the first time in my life, I received a jury summons. It involved giving up four full days during the week in service to my fellow citizens, and it was entirely unpaid.

From early in the morning until later in the afternoon, I sat as part of the jury pool, all of us waiting to be called into a courtroom for possible selection. If we were chosen, only then would we get paid — and it would be just $25 for one day.

But all of us had to take that time off anyway, selected or not, paid or not. Here in Louisiana, employers are only mandated to pay for one day, but we serve a minimum of four days. That meant some people in the room with me were using paid vacation days. Others were using sick days, and still others were just there, actively prevented from earning any money.

The right to trial by jury is important; it's also our constitutional right. But that right imposes a duty on all citizens, and we pay in the form of time.

During the days I waited around in the basement of my city's courthouse, the price I paid was different than my fellow citizens, because it didn't impact my sense of security. Someone in that room might have been worrying about how they'd pay all their bills that month thanks to losing four days worth of income. That person wasn't me.

I also felt a sense of pride, not anger, at being called to serve. That made me wonder: Are people always talking about how to get out of jury duty because universal basic income doesn't exist?

If we all chose to compensate each other for citizenship, would that help change the way we look at our duties as citizens? Would we take greater pride in jury duty and even the act of voting if we recognized that citizenship itself is a form of work? I think the answer may be yes .

Basic income is more than just extra money. It symbolizes what money can become, and that includes space .

It's about citizens reflecting on what the word "money" really means, and what we owe ourselves as citizens of a great nation built on securing our rights as human beings.

Read more:

• This chart is easy to interpret: It says we're screwed

• How Uber became the world's most valuable startup

• These 4 things could trigger the next crisis in Europe

Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter.

Looking for credit card or current account deals? Search here


~_~


South African President Jacob Zuma is facing his fifth vote of no confidence, with even his most powerful political allies calling for his resignation following a string of scandals.

The motion has been tabled by the Democratic Alliance (DA), the largest opposition party, after Zuma sacked finance minister Pravin Gordhan against the wishes of senior members of his African National Congress (ANC) party.

Gordhan was replaced by Malusi Gigaba, a Zuma loyalist with no business or financial experience.

Zuma is defiant and insists he has the full backing of his party and the country - but has the 75-year-old run out of political lives?

What does Zuma say?

Speaking last week, after South Africa's supreme court ruled the no-confidence motion could be held in private, Zuma said there was no evidence the party or the public were unhappy with his leadership.

"The ANC elected me to be president," he told parliament. "The day the ANC thinks I can't be president, it will remove me. The ANC has not done so, so I can't do so."

What does the public think?

Most polls give the so-called "people's president" the lowest approval rating for any leader since the end of apartheid.

Nearly two-thirds of South Africans think he should stand down, according to an Ipsos survey conducted last month.

In addition, the poll found 62 per cent of ANC voters disapprove of Zuma, with 18 per cent saying they support him completely.

"This is a major decline for the president, who had the support of 54 per cent of ANC voters in December 2016," says eNCA news channel, which commissioned the survey.

The scale of public dissatisfaction with the ANC and its leader was evident in last year's municipal elections, which were widely billed as a referendum on Zuma's premiership. The party suffered its biggest electoral setback since it swept to power in 1994 under Nelson Mandela and lost control of key urban areas to the DA.

However, "talk to people in Zuma's heartland in rural KwaZulu-Natal and the support for their man is unwavering," says the BBC's Alastair Leithead.

What about the ANC?

After the secret ballot ruling was handed down, the party publicly rallied behind its leader, with chief whip, Jackson Mthembu saying: "We have unqualified and unequivocal confidence in the ANC caucus not to vote in support of a motion to remove the president."

However, behind closed doors, divisions run deep.

"I would vote for him to go," one ANC MP told Reuters on condition of anonymity. "He is ruining the country."

Several ANC grandees, including deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa and secretary general Gwede Mantashe, also broke rank and openly criticised Zuma over his cabinet reshuffle, a move that additionally lost the President the support of his party's traditional allies - the Congress of South African Trade Unions and the South African Communist Party.

So is Zuma on his way out?

While the President appears to have lost the support of most ordinary South Africans, it would be unwise to predict the political demise of a man who has spent his entire career rewarding loyalty.

In order for the motion of no confidence to succeed, at least 50 ANC MPs would have to cross the floor and that is unlikely to happen, even if the vote is held in secret.

"Zuma is doing everything possible to make the case for him to be removed as president," says journalist Ranjeni Munusamy in the Daily Maverick. "Still, he remains untouchable."


~_~


(ROUGH CUT - NO REPORTER NARRATION) A South Korean barista is gaining popularity online with his recreations of famous paintings like 'The Starry Night' in coffee. Lee Kang-bin's passion started at the age of 17 when he first learned how to make coffee. Three years later, he made it for his fellow troops during his military service at a camp near the border with North Korea. He started making coffee art, or 'cream art coffee' as it is referred to on social media, after leaving the military at the age of 21. Two years later, he opened his own cafe, Cafe C. Through, in central Seoul. Lee now has over 160, 000 followers on Instagram. He teaches baristas around the world how to produce coffee art, and has also started classes for enthusiasts in Seoul. Each cup of art costs 10,000 won ($8.72), slightly more expensive than a regular latte found in other cafes in the South Korean capital.


~_~


Recent World News

Turkey rejects proposals to drop EU accession talks - minister ANKARA Turkey rejects any proposals to drop European Union accession talks in favour of cooperation in other areas, its EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday ahead of a European Parliament vote on suspending Turkey's membership bid. Middle East

Chinese Nobel laureate Liu's liver function worsens - hospital BEIJING The liver function of China's Nobel Peace Prize winning dissident Liu Xiaobo has worsened, a hospital said on Thursday, while the government reiterated its hopes that other countries do not use Liu's case to interfere in its affairs.

G20 summit to strengthen multilateral cooperation - Merkel BERLIN The G20 summit in Germany should strengthen international cooperation and Berlin remains committed to the implementation of a major climate protection agreement, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday on the eve of the gathering in Hamburg. G20

Philippines' Duterte says he will never talk to 'terrorists' MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Thursday he did not initiate dialogue with Islamist militants occupying a southern town because he would never talk to criminals and terrorists.


~_~


Theresa May raised the spectre of a Greek-style economic collapse if Britain fails to press ahead with tackling the deficit on Wednesday, as she was challenged repeatedly by Jeremy Corbyn over the public sector pay cap.

With intense political pressure on the prime minister – including from her own cabinet colleagues – to ease the strain for cash-strapped public servants, including nurses and teachers, she warned MPs about the risks of loosening the purse strings.

“This is not a theoretical issue. Let us look at those countries that failed to deal with it. In Greece, where they have not dealt with the deficit ... What did we see with that failure to deal with the deficit? Spending on the health service cut by 36%. That does not help nurses or patients,” she said.

PMQs verdict: Corbyn goes on offensive as May channels Osborne Read more

Comparisons with Greece were repeatedly used by George Osborne in 2010 to justify public spending cuts, as riots erupted on the streets of Athens over the stringent bailout conditions imposed by the International Monetary Fund and the eurozone.

But the analogy represented a significant ratcheting up of the pro-austerity argument from May.

A Conservative spokesman emphasised remarks afterwards, saying: “There are siren calls from Labour to abandon any kind of fiscal restraint whatsoever. What happens, we’ve seen as a case study, is what happened in Greece.” He added: “I think she was suggesting if Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour party got the chance to impose its fiscal policies on the United Kingdom that is a very real threat.”

A spokesman for Corbyn described the claims as “preposterous”. “The situation in Greece is tied up with the eurozone and the management of the eurozone banks – we’re not remotely in that situation. Our manifesto and our pledges were costed, unlike the government’s,” he said.

Many Conservative MPs have returned to Westminster after the bruising election campaign, determined to urge the government to allay some of the concerns about spending cuts they heard from voters – including on school funding, as well as public sector pay.

Some would like to see May give a clear signal before parliament breaks up for the summer recess on 20 July that the 1% across-the-board cap will be lifted.

The chief secretary to the Treasury, Liz Truss, must write a letter to the independent pay review bodies shortly, setting out their remit and would be expected to reinforce the 1% cap.

The Labour leader used all his questions to the prime minister at their weekly head to head to pressure her over issues of pay, accusing her of presiding over “a low-pay epidemic” in the UK, and claiming she had presided over “a week of flip-flopping and floundering”.

May outlined the process by which a series of pay review bodies recommend rises for NHS staff, teachers and others, and said the government would “consider those reports very carefully”. But she added: “We will always recognise the need to makes those decisions against the need to live within our means.” Both she and Corbyn valued the contribution of public sector workers, May said but added: “The difference is, I know we have to pay for them.”

Several other ministers and aides went on to echo the comparison with Greece in a sign there is a concerted effort by the Conservatives to stress their desire for “sound money” and attack Labour on the issue of economic competence.

Truss said the cap on public sector pay was the “responsible thing to do” in response to an urgent question from Labour.



Philip Hammond, who has admitted that he would have liked the economy to play a more central role in the election campaign, has resisted pressure to ease up on austerity, warning his cabinet colleagues that money to fund extra spending pledges would have to come from cuts elsewhere or tax increases.

One suggestion is that the Treasury could cancel planned tax cuts, including to the rate of corporation tax, as the Labour manifesto mooted. At 19%, the tax is already one of the lowest among major economies, but it is due to be reduced further, to 17%, in a move introduced by Osborne.

A thinktank, the Institute for Fiscal Studies, calculates that scrapping the public sector pay cap altogether, as Labour would like to do, would cost government departments and local government £6.3bn per year compared with the government’s plans – increasing to £9.2bn per year by 2021–22.

Corbyn will give a speech to the British Chambers of Commerce on Thursday, calling for economic reform – including a greater role for the state in developing and promoting new technologies, to prevent another “lost decade” of weak growth.

He will argue that technological development, “can’t be left to the market”. “Technological change, from automation to decarbonisation, means that many jobs and industries will disappear or shrink in the coming years and decades. But I am not one of the doom-mongers, who believe that will inevitably herald an era of mass unemployment.

“At every stage of economic and industrial history, jobs, industries and skills have been lost, replaced and transformed. But whether that happens at huge social cost, as it did, for example, in the early days of the Industrial Revolution and the Luddites, or is embraced and benefits everybody, depends on managing and planning for technological change. We can’t simply leave it to the market.”






~_~


A taskforce has been appointed to manage key services at Kensington and Chelsea council, reports The Independent.

Communities Secretary Sajid Javid will announce that a team of outside experts will be manage the likes of housing, regeneration, community engagement and governance services following criticism over the council's handling of the tragedy.

The move will be confirmed in a written statement to MPs, says The Guardian, which adds the taskforce "is expected to be phased in as the current Grenfell Tower response team is gradually wound down". Both the council leader and chief executive have resigned in the aftermath of the 14 June fire.

Eleanor Kelly, spokeswoman for the Grenfell Response Team, welcomed the news, telling BBC Radio London: "We can't stay in a crisis mode for an extended period of time because everybody needs to actually feel that things have gone back to a level of stability."

At least 80 people are believed to have died in the fire, although the exact number won’t be known for months because of the extent of the damage.

The coroner leading the inquest into the blaze yesterday told survivors the scene at Grenfell was "apocalyptic" during an angry meeting at the Olympia conference centre in West Kensington.

Nabil Choucair, who fears he lost six members of his family, told the BBC: "We personally asked, 'Where is our family?' We want to know: are our family's bodies still there and is there anything from them?

"Whatever it is, we want to know exactly what it is, do not hide anything. But the answers that were coming back were, 'We don't know. We don't know. We don't know.'"

Controversial judge to head Grenfell Tower inquiry

29 June

Sir Martin Moore-Bick, a retired appeals court judge, has been appointed to head the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire, in which at least 80 people died.

He promised it would be "a vigorous inquiry that gets to the truth" and said he understood the "desire of local people for justice", but warned the scope of his report would be limited.

He also said he aimed to produce an interim report within a year and would focus on the start and rapid development of the fire, along with recommendations on how to prevent similar disasters.

"I'm well aware the residents and the local people want a much broader investigation and I can fully understand why they would want that - whether my inquiry is the right way in which to achieve that I'm more doubtful," he told the Daily Telegraph.

Moore-Bick has been praised in the past for his rulings, with justice minister Dominic Raab saying he had applied "long awaited common sense" to human rights law.

However, some of his decisions involving housing have been viewed as controversial.

Among them was his decision to allow Westminster City Council to rehouse a single mother with five children more than 50 miles away in Milton Keynes. The decision was overturned by the Supreme Court, The Guardian reports.

Nevertheless, he is widely respected in the legal profession, adds the paper, although he will have to gain the confidence of the north Kensington community around Grenfell, some of whom he met today.

Educated at Christ's College, Cambridge, Moore-Bick spent decades as a judge of the commercial court and the court of appeal. His main work involved contracts, insurance and banking.

Theresa May says Grenfell residents will be given a say over the direction of the investigation and state funding will be provided for legal representation at the inquiry.

Meanwhile, the Metropolitan Police announced yesterday it may not have a final death toll from the blaze until the end of this year.

Detective Superintendent Fiona McCormack said: "There are 23 flats that, despite huge investigative efforts, we have been unable to trace anyone that lives there.

"At this stage we must presume that no one in those flats survived, that includes anyone who lived there or was visiting them."

More than 60 organisations have now been identified as being involved in the tower's refurbishment, which may have helped the blaze spread, the London Evening Standard reports.

Councils split on how to deal with cladding

27 June

Theresa May has announced a major national investigation into the use of cladding on tower blocks after the government announced that every single sample submitted for safety checks in the wake of the Grenfell Tower disaster failed to pass fire safety tests.

Ministers said that 95 high-rises in 32 councils had so far been deemed to be at risk - a 100 per cent failure rate, reports ITV.

According to The Guardian, samples from schools and hospitals have also been requested but it is unclear whether any have been tested.

It is believed all the tests so far have involved owned by local authority high-rises rather than private buildings, the paper adds.

However, councillors are unsure how to proceed.

On Friday night, Camden council in north London ordered thousands of residents of the Chalcots Estate to leave their flats after fire inspectors found the tower blocks contained combustible cladding.

The scene was chaotic. Reuters describes "residents clutch[ing] children, pets and small amounts of clothing and food [as they tried] to find a bed in a local hotel or with family or friends", adding that "many were directed to inflatable beds laid out on the floor of the local sports hall.

Camden council said yesterday that 14 people were still staying at a nearby leisure centre while the majority of residents were housed in temporary accommodation.

However, according to the Guardian, more than 100 people have refused to leave their homes and have criticised the council for not offering livable alternatives.

Resident Mandy Ryan, who lives with her disabled son, says she was offered a flat with a broken boiler and a faulty cooker, the i newspaper reports.

"We are not the villains here, we are the victims," she said. "We are not trying to impede any work whatsoever, we just want suitable accommodation. We are all scared, we are disrupted, we don't know how we are going to cope, cook, wash or anything at the moment."

Camden council leader Georgia Gould said residents who refused to leave risked "delaying the work that is required… to make these homes safe".

Coaxing unwilling residents to vacate their homes is the council's preferred strategy, says Sky, but the i warns officials could take legal action against those who refuse to leave as a last resort.

Other residents have told the Daily Mail they are being intimidated by security guards into leaving against their will.

Other local authorities have taken a different tact.

Evenlode and Windrush Towers in Oxford says there it has no plans to re-house residents living in towers where the cladding has been deemed a danger, reports the Oxford Mail.

Bob Price, head of Oxford City Council, said such a move was "not necessary" while they replace the material.

However, residents were reportedly "aghast at [this] news", with one telling the paper: "I'm not going to be able to sleep at night."

Survivors of the Grenfell Tower disaster, meanwhile, have been promised temporary social housing in Kensington Row, a £2bn luxury apartment block currently under construction, reports the London Evening Standard.

This follows intense criticism of the relief effort of Kensington and Chelsea - a precursor to the criticism now emerging as local authorities pursue distinct and uncoordinated responses to safety concerns.

Grenfell Tower fire: Police consider manslaughter charges

23 June

Police are looking into the possibility of manslaughter charges as part of the investigation into the Grenfell Tower fire in west London as councils rush to remove flammable cladding on buildings across the UK.

Detective Superintendent Fiona McCormack said that officers had established that the fire wasn't started deliberately. The initial cause was a faulty Hotpoint fridge-freezer that wasn't subject to a recall.

McCormack added that the authorities were trying to get to the bottom of why the fire spread so rapidly.

Grenfell fire began in Hotpoint fridge freezer model FF175BP that was not subject to recall, police say https://t.co/tckKECr0z1 pic.twitter.com/fDoaozTCmK — BBC Breaking News (@BBCBreaking) June 23, 2017

Hotpoint issued a safety notice today urging customers with model numbers FF175BP or FF175BG to call or register their details.

If you own a fridge freezer model number FF175BP or FF175BG call 0800 316 3826 or visit https://t.co/bwgRzMeGvk to register your details pic.twitter.com/zObSjulyry — Hotpoint UK (@HotpointUK) June 23, 2017

Manslaughter charges are among a string of offences being considered by police as part of the investigation.

Documents and materials have been seized from a "number of organisations", McCormack added.

She said: "We are looking at every criminal offence from manslaughter onwards, we are looking at every health and safety and fire safety offence and we are reviewing every company at the moment involved in the building and refurbishment of Grenfell Tower."

Combustible cladding is suspected to have aided the "rapid and unprecedented" spread of the fire.

Sam Webb, an architect who investigated 2009's deadly Lakanal House fire in south-east London, told the Architect's Journal that similar aluminium composite material (ACM) cladding has been found to be flammable elsewhere. The material has been linked to fires in Australia, Russia and the United Arab Emirates.

In addition to the cladding, insulation recovered from Grenfell Tower has also been tested. Both failed the safety tests, with the insulation proving "more flammable than the cladding," says The Times.

Police say the number of people presumed dead remains at 79 but the number could rise.

Council fears

The news comes as thousands of tower block residents around the UK were warned that their homes may be clad with the same ACM panels believed to have fuelled the blaze.

Downing Street says it has identified 11 tower blocks across eight local authority areas with similar ACM cladding to the one used on Grenfell Tower. In total about 600 towers across the UK are having their cladding tested.

The revelation came as Camden council began urgently removing cladding from some of its buildings after laboratory tests revealed they contained the same flammable material as the one used on Grenfell Tower.

The council said it would take "urgent legal advice" after the panels it ordered for the blocks were not fitted as commissioned. It also said it would "immediately begin preparing to remove these external cladding panels from the five tower blocks".

Huge, breaking: Camden says fire proof cladding commissioned but NON-fire proof was fitted, tests show pic.twitter.com/8Jy4ZsYJiQ — Peter Apps (@PeteApps) June 22, 2017

Rydon was the main contractor, but the firm subcontracted the design and installation of the external cladding to Harley Facades, Metro News reports.

Harley's managing director, Ray Bailey, told ITV News: "These works were as described in the contractual specification and approved in the usual process for construction and building control by the London Borough of Camden."

"There is no evidence to suggest that this product and cladding system installed in Camden is unsafe."

Islington Council has also confirmed that cladding is to be removed from Braithwaite House, a high-rise block within the borough, after tests revealed the presence of ACM.



Private sector concern

The government has encouraged private landlords to send in samples for testing but they are under no obligation to do so, "raising concerns for those renting in the private sector," says The Independent.

The UK’s largest hotel group, Premier Inn, has announced that three of its properties in Maidenhead, Brentford and Tottenham will be investigated as they "have concerns that the fire-retardant cladding used may not adhere to recognised government guidance."

Hotels with Flammable Cladding as #GrenfellTower will keep it on, like Maidenhead's Premier Inn ??#GreenforGrenfellpic.twitter.com/FQpOAutLau — Corbynator (@Corbynator2) June 23, 2017

Downing Street says the 600 buildings identified yesterday for testing are all local authority-owned buildings. Local authorities are also examining schools and hospitals, The Guardian reports citing a Downing Street spokeswoman.

But No 10 also says building regulations will be examined to see if the standards were high enough in light of the Grenfell fire.

"In terms of regulations, we are going to have to reflect on issues that have been thrown up on building regulations and I'm sure there will be recommendations and issues raised throughout the inquiry that [the] government will have to immediately look at to make sure the regulations are much clearer if that is proved to be an issue," the Guardian says.

Grenfell Tower fire: 'Combustible' cladding found in three new tower blocks

22 June

Theresa May revealed today that urgent tests on tower blocks following the Grenfell Tower blaze had revealed "combustible" cladding on a "number" of buildings.

Speaking to MPs in the Commons, the Prime Minister said initial results had shown other blocks had seemingly used flammable cladding, reports The Guardian.

A No 10 spokeswoman later said three samples had been found to be combustible.

She added it would be "irresponsible" to reveal the exact locations of the tower blocks at risk as residents were still being informed and authorities were working to ensure their safety. All three buildings are in England.

The spokeswoman said: "In terms of how many buildings and how many homes have this type of cladding, the estimate provided to us by councils is that there are approximately 600 high-rise buildings with similar cladding. We are in touch with all the local authorities to encourage them to urgently send us the samples and then we will carry out the checks that we need to see where we are with that."

The Daily Telegraph adds that she said that "obviously nobody will be living in buildings that are unsafe" and that residents "will be rehoused if they need to be".

The exact scale of the problem is unknown. While the Financial Times said the government was testing "thousands" of buildings to see if they had cladding similar to that used on Grenfell, the Guardian and others reported that tests were being carried out on 600 high-rise buildings.

The No 10 spokeswoman said the Department for Communities and Local Government was coordinating the process and facilities to allow for 100 samples a day to be tested.

The government is also making its cladding checking facilities available to private landlords for free, raising the prospect that many more residents will be affected.

The news follows the resignation of Nicholas Holgate, the chief executive of Kensington and Chelsea council, who says he was asked to step down by Communities Secretary Sajid Javid following the Grenfell Tower blaze.

In a statement released by the council, Holgate said the minister had "required the leader of the council to seek my resignation", reports the BBC.

He added he would have liked to have stayed on, but felt it necessary to resign. "There is a huge amount still to do for the victims of the fire requiring the full attention of this council and many others," he said.

"If I stayed in post, my presence would be a distraction."

"His resignation comes after a tide of criticism of the council, not only for the way it responded to the Grenfell Tower tragedy but also for historical neglect of poorer residents of the borough and a neglect of social housing," The Guardian says.

Yesterday, the Communities Secretary announced that survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire would be rehoused in 68 flats within the social housing wing of Kensington Row, a £2bn luxury apartment block currently under construction.

"Two bedroom flats are currently being advertised for up to £2.4 million," says the London Evening Standard, "but it is understood the City of London Corporation paid around £10 million for the flats thanks to an 'extraordinary gesture' of goodwill by developer St Edward in selling the properties at their cost price."

Grenfell Tower: Families only given £200,000 from £5m fund

20 June

A total of £202,000 in government aid has been paid out to 180 families directly affected by the Grenfell Tower fire, says the Grenfell Response Team set up to manage the official response to the tragedy.

Householders have received payments of £500 in cash and £5,000 in bank deposits, but the money is only a fraction of the £5m government fund.

The delays can partly be explained by the confusion over how to distribute the money. Volunteer Nisha Parti told ITV survivors were getting just £10 from the local council days after the fire, reports the London Evening Standard.

Parti added: "There is money pouring in from all these amazing volunteers. We can't get access to the money and we cannot get it to the families."

However, The Independent reported that some undocumented migrants affected by the blaze may not be seeking state support due to fears over their immigration status. The paper says they are "are afraid to seek help from authorities for fears that they could be referred onto police or the Home Office".

Mike Adamson, chief executive of the British Red Cross, told The Guardian the charity had increased its involvement amid concerns that some victims were unregistered asylum seekers.

"Our refugee services are working to find anyone who is undocumented and worried to present to the authorities," he said.

Grenfell Tower fire: Deaths expected to rise to 79

19 June

The number of people dead or presumed dead in the Grenfell Tower fire in west London has increased to 79, the Metropolitan Police said this morning.

The figure doesn't include the 18 people who remain in hospital nine of whom are in a critical condition, the BBC reports.

Identifying the victims will take several weeks due to the "indescribable" conditions within the tower, Commander Stuart Cundy told the BBC.

According to Cundy, the "terrible reality" is that some people's remains may never be identified because of the intensity of the fire.

"There is also a real possibility that there may be people in the building that no one knows are missing," he added.

The fire swept through the 24-storey Grenfell Tower estate in North Kensington on 13 June. Many of the families affected lost more than one relative in the fire, Cundy told the BBC. Some of the identified victims include a family of five – Abdul Aziz El-Wahabi, his wife Fouzia and their three children ages 21, 16 and eight – all of whom are presumed dead, Sky News reports.

"This is an incredibly distressing time for families," said Cundy. "It is really hard to describe the devastation the fire caused. What is important for me is to find answers for those families who have been directly affected."

The investigation into the missing people and how the fire began will be "wide-ranging" and will delve into the construction of the building, the recent renovations to its cladding and its fire safety measures, among other things.

Several government bodies have been criticised for their mishandling of the building and the fire's aftermath. Many Londoners have expressed anger towards the Kensington and Chelsea Council, which manages the estate. Critics include London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who said last week that the fire was a "preventable accident" caused by "years of neglect" by the council, according to BT.

Cundy said he would like to "reassure everybody" that he will be looking into all the criminal offences that could have allowed the fire to happen, whether by an individual or an organisation.

"Where offences have been committed, I will do everything in my gift to make sure they [the perpetrators] are brought to justice," he added.

Grenfell Tower: fireproof cladding 'would have cost just £5,000 more'

16 June

Cladding used in the refurbishment of Grenfell Tower in North Kensington could have been replaced with a fire-retardant version for just £5,000, The Times reports.

The aluminium cladding has a polyethylene core, which in the US is banned on buildings more than 40ft high, or about four storeys tall. Grenfell Tower has 24 storeys.

The UK Building Research Establishment "warned last year that the drive for greater energy efficiency meant more and more buildings are being wrapped in materials that could go up in flames", The Guardian says.

A "rough calculation" by The Times suggests that a little over 2,000 square metres of the panelling, made by a company called Reynobond, was used on Grenfell Tower. The same company's fire-resistant panel sells for £24 per square metre – £2 more than the standard version. Therefore, the newspaper said, Grenfell could have been clad in the fire-resistant material for less than £5,000 more.

The confirmed death toll from the fire now stands at 30, but the BBC says 76 people are believed to be missing.

Grenfell Tower fire: Grief turns to anger as death toll 'could soar above 100'

16 June

Anger is mounting among survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire in London as fears grow that 100 people could have been killed in the blaze.

More than 70 people still remain unaccounted for, the Daily Telegraph says, and police say it is possible some of the victims may never be identified. Emergency services are continuing to search for bodies in the burnt-out remains of the building.

Theresa May visited the scene yesterday, but was accused of failing to show "humanity" after failing to meet any of those affected.

Labour MP David Lammy, who knew people who lived in the tower block, said the fire amounted to "corporate manslaughter" and called for arrests to be made.

Writing in The Guardian, he said: "Don't let them tell you it's a tragedy. It's not a tragedy, it's a monstrous crime. Corporate manslaughter.

"They were warned by the residents that there was an obvious risk of catastrophe. They looked the other way."

Residents of the block say they repeatedly raised concerns about fire safety at Kensington and Chelsea council and the company that manages the authority's social housing, but claim their fears "fell on deaf ears".

What is corporate manslaughter?

The Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007 created a means of accountability for deaths caused by very serious management failings. Prior to the act, a senior individual who could be said to embody a company had to be found guilty first.

Who might be punished for the Grenfell Tower fire?

Corporate liability does not apply to directors or other individuals who have a senior role in the company or organisation, but "existing health and safety offences and gross negligence manslaughter continue to apply to individuals", says the Daily Telegraph.

"Prosecutions against individuals will continue to be taken where there is sufficient evidence and it is in the public interest to do so."

What happens next?

As yet, it is not clear what caused the fire to spread so quickly. The Prime Minister has ordered a full public inquiry into the disaster. A judge-led investigation was needed to ensure "this terrible tragedy is properly investigated", she said.

Grenfell Tower fire death toll rises to 17 - with many more expected

15 June

Officials say 17 people were killed by the fire in London's Grenfell Tower yesterday, but the number is expected to increase.

Firefighters stopped looking for bodies today as fears grew the building could collapse, The Guardian reports. It could take weeks before all the victims are recovered.

There are still hundreds of residents unaccounted for, the Daily Telegraph reports, while the Guardian adds that of the 78 people hospitalised, 37 are still being treated, with 17 of them in critical care.

Prime Minister Theresa May, who has ordered a full public inquiry into the tragedy, visited the tower block earlier today but reportedly did not speak to any residents.

A Downing Street spokesperson refused to comment on the matter, The Independent says.

Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn also visited the scene.





Today, I spoke with residents of Grenfell Tower. We must & will do everything in our power to ensure the truth about this tragedy comes out. pic.twitter.com/28EHTVeAMS — Jeremy Corbyn (@jeremycorbyn) June 15, 2017

The Queen also issued a statement saying her "thoughts and prayers" were with the families affected and paid tribute to the fire services.

It is claimed that residents at Grenfell Tower, who included some of Kensington's poorest families, repeatedly raised concerns about fire safety in the building, which lacked sprinklers. However, they were reportedly ignored and allegedly even threatened with legal action.

A blog post from the Grenfell Action Group claimed "only a catastrophic event" would ensure they were heard.

Labour MP David Lammy, who knew people living in the block, called the catastrophe "corporate manslaughter".

He said: "This is the richest borough in our country treating its citizens in this way and we should call it what it is. It is corporate manslaughter. And there should be arrests made; frankly, it is an outrage."

He added that he still did not know whether his family's friends, Khadija Saye and her mother Mary Mendy, who lived on the 20th floor, had survived.

London fire: What caused the Grenfell Tower blaze and could it have been avoided?

14 June

Residents of Grenfell Tower repeatedly warned of the possibility of a "future major disaster" striking the west London tower block, which went up in flames this morning, killing at least six people.

Grenfell Action Group said they raised safety concerns when the building was refurbished last year's at a cost of £8.7m, but claimed it fell on "deaf ears".

The Times reports residents expressed their views to both the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea council, which owns the property, and the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation (KCTMO), which manages social housing in the borough, for more than four years.

In a blog post, the Grenfell Action Group said "only a catastrophic event" would result in their fears being heard.

Rydon Construction, the company responsible for the regeneration, has also faced criticism for removing a page from their website detailing the work.

And here's a screen grab in case the cache goes down too pic.twitter.com/QKYuxffe14 — Dawn Foster (@DawnHFoster) June 14, 2017

"The webpage, which dates back to completed work in 2016, was removed in the early hours of this morning," says Shortlist.

What happened at Grenfell Tower?

Reports of a fire began early this morning. The blaze was "believed to have started on the fourth floor and spread incredibly quickly", says the BBC.

Forty fire engines and around 200 firefighters tackled the fire.

Six people have been confirmed dead, with the number of fatalities expected to rise. NHS England said 74 people are being treated in hospital, with 20 of them in critical care.

The cause of the fire is not known, although one witness said they believed it was started by a faulty fridge.

Matt Wrack, general secretary of the Fire Brigades Union, said "a full investigation will need to be undertaken at the first possible opportunity".

Matt Wrack from FBU on Sky says it shouldn't be possible for fire to develop in this way, major investigation needs to be made into building — Dawn Foster (@DawnHFoster) June 14, 2017

What do we know about Grenfell Tower?

The 24-storey building was built by Kensington and Chelsea Borough Council in 1974 and refurbished last year. "The exterior of the 1970s-built tower was modernised with cladding and replacement windows, while additional homes were added using vacant space in the building," says The Times.

On its website, Rydon Construction said: "Externally, rain screen cladding, curtain wall facade and replacement windows were fitted, improving thermal insulation and modernising the exterior of the building."

It is the cladding which has caused the most controversy, with several residents suggesting it contributed to the fire's spread.

One, identified as Methrob, told LBC: "The real issue was when it caught fire to the cladding outside.

"The whole one side of the building was on fire. The cladding went up like a matchstick."

This resident claims 'cheap flammable' cladding was used on #grenfelltower pic.twitter.com/5gBl17HBNm — Victoria Derbyshire (@vicderbyshire) June 14, 2017

An architect who knew the design of the building told The Guardian that 1970s blocks such as Grenfell feature "one escape stair which is not designed for a mass evacuation, but is designed for a small number of people to get out whose individual flats are on fire"

Could it have been avoided?

"The tower block was given a medium fire risk rating - defined as a normal fire risk - in 2016 following completion of the refurbishment by the London Fire Brigade and Kensington and Chelsea Borough Council," reports the BBC.

But Geoff Wilkinson, a fire and building inspector, told the broadcaster Grenfell Tower "didn't perform in the way you'd expect a building to perform" once it caught fire.

"You'd expect [the fire] to be contained to an individual apartment," he said. "Something has gone dramatically wrong here."

Residents also believe the fire could have been prevented if their concerns had been listened to.

David Collins of #GrenfellTower residents association gives a shocking account of the local councils refusal to heed residents safety fears. pic.twitter.com/cC47EWBUer — EL4C (@EL4JC) June 14, 2017

In addition, Grenfell Action Group alleges residents were given scant information about what to do in the event of a fire.

According to the group, "a temporary notice stuck in the lift and one announcement in a recent regeneration newsletter" advised residents to remain in their flats in the event of fire.

Residents at #GrenfellTower were told to 'stay put' in event of fire 'unless it is in or affecting your flat'https://t.co/g9XHGMTdNJ pic.twitter.com/kUCnakAKjc — ITV News (@itvnews) June 14, 2017

An anonymous official told the Guardian the "stay put" strategy was intended to stop people getting hurt if a small number of flats were on fire.

They added: “The stay put strategy clearly wouldn’t work when the fire is roaring up outside the building. That is a strategy that would lead to certain death in the circumstances of this fire."

Questions have also been raised about the lack of sprinklers in the building. Ronnie King, secretary of the all-party parliamentary fire safety and rescue group, told LBC that the government had not properly reviewed a number of recommendations his group made following a similar blaze at a tower block in Camberwell in 2009.

He said: "The all-party group were looking at the issue of fire suppression in all the tower blocks with similar designs to this and we understand that there are around 4,000 tower blocks that don't have fire sprinklers fitted into them."

King added that they had strongly recommended a review of building regulations, but said former housing minister Gavin Barwell had told him he was "considering the proposals - despite the report being four years old".

This was from March. People (particularly tenants groups) have been sounding warnings on deaf ears for years https://t.co/HYxWQhXejx pic.twitter.com/mahX1SB8N6 — Peter Apps (@PeteApps) June 14, 2017

London fire: Several dead as huge blaze destroys Grenfell Tower flats

14 June, 10:21 a.m.

Several people are said to have died in a massive fire that engulfed a 24-storey block of flats in west London this morning, while reports suggest some residents remain trapped in the building.

Forty fire engines and more than 200 firefighters battled the blaze at the Grenfell Tower in north Kensington, which is believed to have broken out at around 1am before spreading rapidly.

A statement from the Metropolitan Police confirmed a number of people were killed in the fire. It also said the cause of the blaze was expected to take some time to confirm.

It is unclear how many people could be trapped, but "a significant number" are unaccounted for, the BBC reports. Police have established a wide cordon amid fears the building might collapse.

Police confirmed that a number of people were being "treated for a range of injuries", while the London Ambulance service said 50 people were taken to hospital.

London Mayor Sadiq Khan declared the fire a "major incident".

Asked on Radio 4's Today programme about reports that the advice to residents was to stay inside their flats in the event of a fire, Khan said: "Thankfully residents didn't stay in their flats and fled to safety.

"One of the concerns that we have is it's a 24-storey building but for obvious reasons, with the scale of the fire, our experts weren't able to reach all the way to the top. So of course, these are questions that need to be answered as soon as possible."

I'm truly devastated to see the horrific scenes of major fire at #GrenfellTower in #Kensington. Read my statement https://t.co/DTcxZS33kp pic.twitter.com/SZJuEvyrgL — Mayor of London (@MayorofLondon) June 14, 2017

Witness Tim Downie told The Guardian the "sheer scale and the speed" with which the blaze spread suggested "there must be casualties and fatalities". Others told the BBC that people inside the building at the time of the fire could be heard calling out for help, saying the smoke was too thick for them to leave their flats.

Grenfell Tower resident Sajad Jamalvatan told the paper: "There were no fire alarms at all."

Jody Martin, who heard the fire engines coming down his street, said: "I saw a woman holding her baby out the window on the west side of the building."

People inside the building were seen flashing torches or mobile phones to attract help and a witness described seeing at least one person falling from an upper floor. "Some residents were seen using bedsheets to make their escape from the tower block," the Daily Telegraph reports.

A woman called Zara said she saw a woman throw her son, who was about five years old, from a fifth or sixth-floor window to escape the blaze.

She told LBC: "One woman actually threw her son out of the window. I think he's OK. I think he might have just had some broken bones and bruises."

London Fire Brigade assistant commissioner Dan Daly described the fire as a "large and very serious incident". He also confirmed that several residents had been successfully rescued from the building.

Grenfell Tower, which contains 120 flats, is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation.

Plans and drawings lodged with the local planning department show details of a recent refurbishment project on the site. "One cross section purports to show a single stair access to the upper floors," says the Guardian.

#Glenfell Tower drawings. Single stairs for 120 flats in 24 floors. Flats started on 4th floor, lower ones added in remodelling. #LondonFire pic.twitter.com/5Gl3JqILlD — Mark Ashley (@themarkashley) June 14, 2017

"A blog late last year by occupants of the tower warned only a catastrophic fire in the tower would 'bring an end to the dangerous living conditions' of tenants and leaseholders," Australian newspaper The Chronicle reports.


~_~


4:35

How Amazon-Whole Foods Deal Changes Retail: Barron's Buzz

Barron's senior editor Jack Hough and WSJ's Shelby Holliday preview the latest issue of Barron's. Topics include how Amazon's acquisition of Whole Foods will likely change the retail landscape. Also, have we seen the end of the tech rally? Plus, J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon's views on banks and potentially higher dividends.


~_~


Carol Lee Scott was best known for playing the green-faced pantomime witch Grotbags ITV/Rex Features

Carol Lee Scott, the children’s actress best known as Grotbags the witch, has died aged 74.

The entertainer appeared in numerous children’s programmes in the 1980s and early 1990s, including the ITV hit Rod Hull’s Emu’s World but was best known for her role as the green-faced pantomime witch.

Her death was announced by relatives on social media last night with her niece Gina Mear writing on Facebook that the actress had “lost her brave fight against cancer”.

“To many of you she was Grotbags — a legend!” she said. “To me she was just aunty Carol. I shall miss her hugely, rest in peace Carol.”

Celebrities and a nostalgic public also paid tribute with Rufus Hound, the comedian, saying that she was “an icon…


~_~


Tens of thousands of joyful New Zealanders have braved a thunderstorm in Auckland to welcome home the America’s Cup winners, who held the Auld Mug aloft on these shores for the first time in 17 years.

The Emirates Team New Zealand members waved at the crowd from the backs of vans for a slow, noisy procession down Queen Street to Waitemata Harbour, where they boarded a boat for a victory tour on the sea – dozens of yachts, sea kayaks and dingies floating by to catch a glimpse.

Many people skipped work and school on Thursday to watch the parade live, not wanting to miss out on the historic moment.

Daryl and Liz Kirk brought their two young daughters – nabbing prime positions outside Aotea Square and setting up camping chairs to ensure no one stole their spot – a full two hours before it began at lunchtime.

America's Cup: New Zealand celebrates 'underdog' victory over billionaires Read more

“This is a pretty historic event for us as Kiwis and we wanted the kids to be here and remember it,” said Daryl.

“Being a Kiwi means doing your best with not many resources, and being far away, but these boys are the world’s best, and as you can see today the whole country is really proud of what they’ve achieved. We all love it.”

The parade started in sunshine and ended amid claps of thunder and torrential rain. Office workers pressed themselves against windows to watch and builders paused on their scaffolding high above the city to whoop and yell.

Seagulls swooped above the cheering crowd dancing to a brass band version of James Brown’s I Feel Good. Some people had travelled from around the North Island to shout “Kiwi, Kiwi” and “Peter, Peter!” for helmsman Peter Burling, who, at 26, is the youngest person to ever win the America’s Cup, and an instant hero for locals with his uncanny resemblance to Sir Edmund Hillary.

“I wanted to support the team, I felt so happy and excited when they won,” said 14-year-old Ace Mead who missed school with her three sisters to attend the parade.

“I think the team won because they had courage and faith, and they had the whole country behind them. I got up to watch every game with my Dad.”

Many of the team – dressed in black and blue tracksuits – looked worn out from their feat in Bermuda, but their faces cracked into huge grins as the crowd embraced them, throwing colourful streamers over their heads and waving handmade signs.

This week the government announced NZ$5m in funding for the team to try and keep their sailing talent in New Zealand, but today Australian skipper Glenn Ashby told TVNZ he had already received phone calls from rival teams trying to poach him.

“I think all the guys are highly sought after because we have been able to pull of something absolutely fantastic” he said.

A number of the sailors bowed their heads at the start of the parade to hide puffy eyes, blinking back tears they were unable to control. Having only arrived back in the country yesterday, they have yet to see some friends and family, and many said they were keen for a few quiet days to recoup and process before journeying south for parades in Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin.

“Thank you for your display of what is best about a small country from the bottom of the world,” said the prime minister, Bill English, from a podium by Waitemata harbour, his grey suit drooping in the rain.

“You are a group of ordinary Kiwis who have done something extraordinary,” he said, before giving cause for laughter with one of his characteristic stumbles: “You’ll also be helping Kiwis get off the shelf … ah, off the couch.”


~_~


Whether you voted Leave or Remain, it's important to make the best of Brexit.

We’ve teamed up with VouchedFor.co.uk to offer readers of The Week one of 400 FREE 2 Page Financial Plans written by a local independent financial adviser. Terms and conditions apply.

Each plan gives a personalised summary of your current financial situation and lists simple tips to positively approach your goals e.g. a comfortable retirement, buying a home or, simply peace of mind. Free Financial Plan plans are available to those with over £20,000 in savings or pension.

3 Reasons you could benefit from a financial plan:

Nail down your goals and find out if you’re on track to achieve them Get personalised savings/investment tips Find out about tax and regulatory changes that might affect you

CLAIM your free financial plan now.


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


The disclosure of intimate images now carries a maximum sentence of five years in Scotland ALAMY

Scotland’s revenge porn offence has come into force and it looks as if it will avoid some of the pitfalls of its equivalent offence in England and Wales.

The offence in Scotland criminalises the disclosure, or threatened disclosure, of images of another person in an intimate situation, intending or being reckless as to whether the victim will be caused fear, alarm or distress.

Lessons have been learnt from the experience of criminalisation in England and Wales. The offence, which came into force in 2015, prohibits the disclosure of private sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress.

The attrition rate for the offence has been high and this has been attributed, in part, to the requirement that an image must be disclosed to a…


~_~


We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

Thank you for your support.


~_~


For the second time in two seasons, Chino Hill High School will be looking for a new head basketball coach. The school — which Lonzo, LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball have put on the map — has parted ways with their coach from this season, Stephan Gilling, according to the LA Times.

Gilling just finished his first season at the school, leading the Huskies to a 30-3 overall record after taking over for Steve Baik, who led the to a state championship in 2016. However, public sparring with LaVar Ball — the father of the Ball brothers — marred what was otherwise a successful season.

Gilling made national headlines a little over a month ago via an interview with USA Today, in which he described a confrontation with LaVar Ball in front of the team, which hampered chemistry going forward.

LaVar Ball responded to that accusation in an interview with Colin Cowherd on “The Herd” less than a week later [go to the 3:30 mark in the video above]:

“I’m not undermining [the program],” Ball told Cowherd. “That’s something that he said.

“He’s saying that because he’s sad now because he’s no longer in the [Ball] camp. He knew what he was getting into when he got the job. Who you think got him the job? How do you get to be a young, black coach for the No. 1 team in the nation? And you never had a freshman head coaching job?”

Ball later explained that not only did he train Gilling when he was younger, but that his wife helped him write the resume to get the head coaching job.

Regardless of the particulars, Chino Hills will be looking for a new head coach this summer.

LaMelo Ball still has two years left at the school, as middle brother LiAngelo gets set to go to UCLA and Lonzo prepares for the NBA Draft.

FOX Sports reached out to LaVar Ball for comment but he was unavailable.


~_~





~_~


Why go now?

The last few years have seen Belfast emerge from a turbulent past, and shake off its reputation as a troubled city. For years it was off the tourist scene, but now it’s firmly established itself as a destination worthy of a mini break, with bars, museums and sights to rival many a European city.

With a surge of hip new restaurant openings (and a couple of Michelin stars), there’s never been a better time for excellent food in the city, as well as a bit of craic after dinner. The short flight time and ease of access from all over the UK is a bonus, too.

Get your bearings

A relatively small city, Belfast is divided into several “quarters”, each known for its own distinct character. You’ll likely spend most of your time in the centrally-located Cathedral Quarter, with its rambling streets, buzzing pubs and top-notch restaurants. Further south is the leafy Queen’s Quarter, where you’ll find the Botanical Gardens (1) and Queen’s University (2), alongside some cool coffee shops and restaurants that are well worth the half-hour stroll. To the east, on the other side of the River Lagan, lies the Titanic Quarter, named after the infamous ship that was built there in 1912. It’s home to an impressive Titanic-themed museum (3), an 11,000-seater sports and entertainment arena called the Odyssey Complex (4), and plenty of swish new apartment buildings and restaurants on the harbour-front. Meanwhile, the Gaeltacht Quarter in the west of the city is all about Irish language and culture. Highlights include important political sites, cemeteries and locales where you can take in the best traditional dance and music Belfast has to offer.

Queen's University of Belfast is in the leafy Queen's Quarter (Getty Images/iStockphoto)

The Visit Belfast Welcome Centre is at 9 Donegall Square North in the Cathedral Quarter (5) (028 9024 6609; visitbelfast.com). It’s open 9am-5.30pm Monday to Saturday (7pm in the summer) and 11am-4pm on Sundays.

Day one

Take a hike

Get acquainted with the city and its culinary highlights with a guided food tour. The Belfast Food Tour with Taste & Tour (tasteandtour.co.uk) starts at St George’s Market (6). Tours meander around the stalls, while you taste all the local delicacies – Suki tea, blue cheese, Broughgammon goat and “fifteens” fridge cake. Walks continue through the city, stopping at chocolatiers for truffles, bars for cider and pubs for champ. Tours cost £50 and generally run on Saturdays at 10am.

Lunch on the run

If you’re not too full from a morning of grazing, head into Coppi (7) (028 9031 1959; coppi.co.uk) opposite St Anne’s Cathedral (8), a contemporary Italian restaurant with a cool, industrial-chic vibe. A selection of their small 'cichetti' dishes make up a good lunch – try the feta fritters, sharp little bites of cheese swathed in truffle honey (£3.30). If you’re more peckish, the duck ragu with porcini mushroom ravioli (£14.50) is decadently rich, topped with crisp shards of duck skin and slivers of truffle. It’s open every day from 12pm-10pm or 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays.

Food tours run from Belfast's St George's market (Getty Images)

Window shopping

Stroll along Wellington Street just west of Belfast City Hall (9) and you’ll find some great shops within steps of each other. Envoy of Belfast (10) (028 9031 1110; envoyofbelfast.com, closed Sundays) is home to vaguely androgynous, Scandi-style pieces, while Octopus's Garden (11) (075 63147949; belfastrecordshop.co.uk) is a must for fans of vintage and vinyl. Around the corner on Chichester Street, Co Couture (12) (078 8889 9647; cocouture.co.uk, closed Sundays) is a dreamy chocolate shop, selling divine brownies.

There’s nothing remarkable about the high street shops in the Victoria Square shopping centre (13) (victoriasquare.com), but head there anyway and climb up the spiral stairs into the glass dome for great free views of the city and out to the mountains.

Bear in mind a lot of the city’s shops are either closed on Sundays or operate on limited opening hours (usually 1-5pm).

An aperitif

There’s no shortage of great pubs in the city, particularly in the Cathedral Quarter. The party starts early on a Saturday, with groups often gathered for an afternoon pint to kick off the weekend. The Duke of York (14) (02890 241062; dukeofyorkbelfast.com) is filled with antique memorabilia, cool copper tables and an old printing press (with some dirty words hidden within the letters). It’s open every day from 11am-1am, with shorter hours on Sundays and Mondays.

Muddler’s Club focuses on seasonal ingredients (Muddler’s Club )

Game of Thrones fans should head over the road to sister pub The Dark Horse (15) (028 90 237807; dukeofyorkbelfast.com), where you’ll find a door carved from fallen trees of the Dark Hedges (AKA Kingsroad).

Dine with the locals

The lights are low in the Muddlers Club (16) (028 9031 3199; themuddlersclubbelfast.com), also in the Cathedral Quarter, and the air is scented with wafts of citrus smoke from many an artisan Old Fashioned. But the food is so good that you barely notice how cool the space is. The menu is small, with a focus on solid, seasonal ingredients – think tender slices of lamb, served with fresh spring greens, pea puree and a dollop of tangy sour cream (£24). It’s open 12-2.45pm and 5.30-10pm, closed Sundays and Mondays, and booking is essential.

Down in the Queen’s District, The Barking Dog (17) (028 9066 1885; barkingdogbelfast.com) is the place to go for laidback gastro food and, unlike many Belfast restaurants, it’s open on Sundays (their roasts are epic). Hours vary.

Day two

Out to brunch

It can be tricky to eat out on Sundays, with a lot of restaurants closing up shop. Established Coffee (18) (established.coffee) next to the cathedral is one of the few stellar joints open every day, and their weekend feasts are well worth a trip. Their Cheesy French Toast is made with a doorstop of sourdough, topped with braised kale, smoked bacon, sage hollandaise and a poached egg (£7.50). It's open 9am-6pm Sundays, other days differ.

The Botanic Gardens make for a pleasant stroll (Getty Images/iStockphoto)

A walk in the park

The Botanical Gardens (1) are in Queen’s District, around a 30-minute walk south from the Cathedral Quarter, and a great spot to spend a sunny afternoon. Stroll past the flowerbeds and trees to the Palm House, a beautiful Victorian glasshouse home to tropical plants and birds. The gardens are open every day from 7.30am-9pm, and entry is free of charge.

For a unique walk in the city centre, book in for a Street Art Tour (seedheadarts.com) which guides you through the incredible art and murals that line the streets of the Cathedral Quarter. Walks run at 12pm every Sunday from outside the Dark Horse (15), for £8.

Cultural afternoon

Belfast is synonymous with shipbuilding, and particularly its most infamous accomplishment, the Titanic. The exhibition centre, Titanic Belfast (3) (028 9076 6386; titanicbelfast.com), is based in the Titanic Quarter a short walk east from the city centre, and a striking sight in itself. The self-guided tour is insightful and sensitively interactive – a ride takes you through the “shipyard”, complete with face-warming coals; a handrail vibrates as you look out over a televised sea view. Voices from survivors depict the moment of disaster in a darkened corridor, as sounds of Morse code fill the air. Submarine footage of the wreckage is shown on a huge cinema screen and also underfoot, below a glass floor. Tickets cost £18, and include access to SS Nomadic. It’s open daily from 9am-7pm in the summer, hours vary slightly in other months.

The Titanic Belfast exhibition centre offers a self-guided tour (Getty Images)

Take a ride

The city is compact, so you’ll rarely need to use public transport. Taxis are fairly cheap, with a 10-minute ride costing around £5, and much of the city can be reached on foot. If you need them, buses run through the city and out to the airport.

To see more of the outskirts while learning about the complex history of the city, take a Blackcab Political Tour (077 9860 2401; touringaroundbelfast.com) with someone who knows the city and its intricacies inside and out. You’ll see the Peace Wall (19) and murals, and learn about The Troubles from someone who has lived through them. Tours cost £35 for up to three people or £15 per head for more.

See the city's murals on a political tour (Getty Images/iStockphoto)

Travel essentials

Getting there

British Airways (ba.com) flies to George Best Belfast City Airport (20) from Heathrow from £88 return; Flybe (flybe.com) from 14 UK airports, from £50 return. It's 3 miles from the city centre - a taxi takes less than 10 minutes and costs around £10. Alternatively the Airport Express 600 bus takes around 15 minutes and costs £2.50.

Ryanair (ryanair.com) flies to Belfast International Airport (21) from Gatwick from £26 return; Easyjet (easyjet.com) from 10 UK airports from £34 return. Belfast International Airport is about a 30-minute drive from the city centre – a taxi costs around £33. The Airport Express 300 takes 45 minutes and costs £7.50.

Staying there

There’s a serious buzz to Bullitt Belfast (22) (028 9590 0600; bullitthotel.com), with the courtyard bar hopping every weekend, and locals gathering for a glass of wine in the afternoon. Rooms range from dinky (read: tiny) to roomy, and include a breakfast bag hung on your door come morning. Doubles from £100, B&B.

As well as a location right on the edge of the Cathedral Quarter, Malmaison Belfast (23) is also a handy hop away from the Titanic District (028 9600 1405; malmaison.com). Doubles from £115, room only.

The only five-star in the city, The Merchant Hotel (24) (028 9023 4888; themerchanthotel.com) is home to a seriously impressive façade and an elegant cocktail bar. Doubles from £180, room only.


~_~


Why go now?

Visit in April to catch the week-long Easter celebrations. Holy Thursday (13 April) is when the most colourful parades take place, including the spectacular La Sang procession, which sees a representation of Christ being carried through the streets.

Angel Sunday (Domingo del Angel) on Easter Sunday includes a procession and music. There’s also traditional food to sample in the form of savoury panades, sweet rubiols and crespells (pastries), which can be found in local bakeries and cake shops.

As the island warms up, April's a good time to visit (iStock/Lunamarina)

Get your bearings

Located in the south of Mallorca and just 15 minutes by taxi or bus from the airport, Palma is simply laid out in long, straight avenues. The main square is Placa Major (1), and key areas to explore include the old town, Passeig del Born (2), La Rambla (3) and Paseo Maritimo (4), which is next to La Seu cathedral (5), and has a real buzz at night. The harbour starts at the cathedral and borders the west – the promenade runs to the ferry port approximately 3.5km from the old town. The main tourist office is Informacio Turistica de Mallorca (6), at Plaça de la Reina, 2, 07015 (+34 971 173 990; infomallorca.net). It is open 8.30am-8pm Monday to Friday, 8.30am-3pm on Saturday and closed on Sundays.

Current exchange rate: £1 = €1.17

Day One

Window shopping

Palma has serious shopping potential with a number of trendy boutiques. However, it’s wise to check opening hours as some close for siesta (typically around 2-5pm) and/or are closed on Sundays. The area around Born, Via Roma (7) and Plaça Major has a plethora of shops for all budgets.

Palma has a vibrant shopping scene (iStock/Juergen Sack)

High up on Mallorcan fashionistas’ wishlists are Spanish designer brand Angel Schlesser, at Carrer de Sant Nicolau (8) (+34 971 71 82 73; angelschlesser.com) for women’s clothes, accessories and exclusive fragrances; and Purificacion Garcia at Placa del Mercat (9) (+34 971 71 83 97; purificaciongarcia.com), which caters for stylish men and women with bags to die for. For men, La Principal at Career dels Paraires (10) (+34 971 72 17 67) is all about carefully curated urban styling, with designers including Opening Ceremony, Nudie and Hentsch.

Lunch on the run

Seek out a menu del dia lunch deal, or head to Mercat Olivar (11), at Placa de l’Olivar 4 (+ 34 971 720 314 15; mercatolivar.com), where you can pick up a locally produced bite to eat from one of the many food stalls, counters and restaurants serving fish, tapas and even sushi. Try the family-run Bar Paco for homemade tapas or Ostras Cocedero for Manolo’s fresh seafood, including oysters, kipper and cod. The market’s closed on Sundays.

Cultural afternoon

Take a No 3 or No 46 bus from the main bus and train station Estacio Intermodal (12) – just off the Placa d’Espanya – for the half-hour ride to the Joan Miró Foundation (13) (+34 971 70 14 20; miro.palmademallorca.es), a museum in Cala Mayor dedicated to the work of the surrealist artist Joan Miró.

Artist Joan Miró left his legacy on the island, with works including a ceramic wall in Parc del Mar (Selbst Fotografier)

Wander around the sculpture garden and Miró’s studio and workshop – the collection includes paintings, drawings, sculptures and personal objects. It’s open from 10am until 6pm (winter) and 7pm (summer) Tuesday to Saturday; 10am-3pm on Sundays and holidays all year round. Entry is €7.50 (or free on Saturdays from 3pm and all day on the first Sunday of each month).

An aperitif

Es Baluard Restaurant and Lounge (14) (+34 871 23 49 54; esbaluard.org) in the Es Baluard modern art museum is the perfect sundowner spot, with its views of the bay of Palma and cathedral. Toast the evening with a glass of Hierbas, a Mallorcan aniseed and herb liqueur best served on the rocks.

Visitors can enjoy magnificent views of the harbour over an aperitif (iStock/Juergen Sack)

Alternatively, take a 7km cab ride to the glamorous OD Port Portals (15) (+34 971 67 59 56; od-hotels.com) in chic Portals Nous – head up to the Sky Bar for killer cocktails and sunset views akin to those found on Ibiza. It may be a hotel bar but the views make up for it.

Dine with the locals

Fusion food with a twist and uber-stylish decor are on the menu at hip dining destination Balagan by ETOH in hip Santa Catalina (16) (+34 971 22 21 00; balaganbyetoh.com). Chef Emil Bergman Podeur fuses Middle Eastern and Balkan flavours in a menu that’s made for sharing. Order individual plates or the six course set menu for a most agreeable €27.00.

Day Two

Out to brunch

Ensaimadas – pastries, filled with cream, custard, chocolate or apricot – are a typical Mallorcan breakfast. Find them at their best at Ca’n Joan de S’aigo (17) (+34 971 71 07 59; canjoandesaigo.com), where prices also happen to be extremely reasonable – €3 gets you coffee with an apricot ensaimada. It’s open from 8am.

Ensaimada pastries are a Mallorcan speciality (iStock/Alleko)

Take a hike

Start at the grand Gothic Cathedral La Seu (5) which is a must-see (+34 902 02 24 45, catedraldemallorca.org). Overlooking the harbour, it was built between the 13th and 17th centuries; Catalan architect Antoni Gaudí redesigned parts of the interior in the early 20th century. It’s open 10am-6pm Monday to Friday from June to September; 10am-5.15pm from 1 April to 31 May; and 10am-2pm Saturdays all year round. Entry costs €4.

From there, head next door to the 14th century palace La Almudaina (18) (+34 971 21 41 34; no web). Dating back to Roman times, these days the King of Spain resides here when on the island. It’s open 10am-6pm, entry €7.

La Seu Cathedral is a must-see attraction in Palma (iStock/Juergen Sack)

Turn left for a stroll along the seafront which is the perfect spot for people-watching – while you’re there drop into the La Llonja art space (19) which often has a free installation inside. Finish your walk at the historical landmark Monument a Ramon Llull (20) on Passieg de Sagrera.

A walk in the park

The most central park is Parc del Mar (21). Situated at the foot of the cathedral and a few steps from the Monument a Ramon Llull, there’s a man-made saltwater pond, fountain, tree lined promenade and lawns, plus a children’s playground. If you’re lucky you may even catch an open-air concert or cinema.

Take a ride

Jump on the vintage Soller train (+34 971 75 20 51; trendesoller.com) from Plaça de España (22). It’s a 7km trip which rises up to 199 metres, crosses several bridges and covers a scenic route from Palma to the beautiful town of Soller (23), via the Mallorcan countryside and the Tramuntana mountains.

The vintage Soller train takes passengers on a scenic route from Palma (iStock/Allard)

Once you reach your destination, you can also take the Soller electric tram to the Port of Soller (24), a village and beach resort on the west coast of the island.

Travel Essentials

Getting there

Most budget airlines fly to Palma. Jet 2 (0333 300 0404; jet2.com) operates a year-round service from London Stansted and Birmingham; Easyjet (0843 104 5000; easyjet.com) operates from Belfast, Bristol, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle and all London airports; Flybe (0371 700 2000; flybe.com) flies from Doncaster, Sheffield, Exeter, Southampton, Belfast, Dublin, Edinburgh and Glasgow; British Airways (0844 493 0787; ba.com) flies from London, Birmingham, Manchester, Bristol and Edinburgh.

The city centre is located 8km from the airport (25); bus route 1 runs approximately every 15 minutes and costs €1.85. Taxis are available outside the arrivals area and are charged per kilometre; prices vary depending on time of day and there is also an airport surcharge.

Staying there

Glamorous Boutique Hotel Can Alomar (26) (+34 871 59 20 02; boutiquehotelcanalomar.com) boasts a prime location in a 15th century listed building. It has 16 rooms and suites, a pool, sun terrace and spa. Doubles from €300, room only.

The Boutique Hotel Can Alomar offers modern luxury housed in a 15th century building (Boutique Hotel Can Alomar)

The boutique 57-room Nakar Hotel (27) (+34 971 72 02 23; nakarhotel.com) has been designed as an authentic Balearic guesthouse and includes a spa, roof sundeck and pool with views of the old town. Doubles from €229, B&B.

Located off the harbour promenade, Hotel Feliz (28) (+34 971 28 88 47; hotelfeliz.com) has 44 rooms, a roof terrace, sun terrace and plunge pool. Doubles from €129, B&B.


~_~


Planes may be quicker and cars more convenient, but sleeper trains maintain an enduring grip on the imagination. One of the most enchanting is the Ranikhet Express, which trundles from the ordered chaos of Old Delhi railway station to the clean, calm air of Kathgodam, in the foothills of the Himalayas.

I awake with a start when the lights go on at 5am, having been lulled into a deep sleep by the rocking of the carriages. A tiring few days in Delhi have taken their toll. From mosque to temple to fort to palace, I pounded my way along leafy colonial avenues and the teeming alleys of the old town, soaking up their sights, sounds, smells – and dust.

Now, at the end of the line leading east towards Nepal and China, I stumble blearily towards breakfast and a first cup of masala chai. This sweet tea, spiced with ginger, cinnamon and cardamom, would revive a weary traveller from the arms of death, never mind just an overnight train and a spot of jet lag. After three cups, I am ready to face to the cool air drifting down from the mountains and contemplate the route for the next eight days.

Rohan, our guide, sets out the plan: after a three-hour drive, we will continue on foot to the first night's accommodation, a traditional farmer's cottage in the village of Deora (below). The tour operator, Shakti Himalaya, has a collection of village houses on the slopes of the mountains and the first half of my expedition will be spent roaming between them. Then we will head to 360 Leti, a spectacular luxury retreat in the shadow of the High Himalaya.

I am broken in gently with a 90-minute stroll through shady pine forests, as Rohan introduces me to the mountain way of life. Here and there he points out the places where villagers have tapped the trees for sweet-smelling resin, or lofted hay into comic-looking haystacks hanging from the branches.

I opt for the shorter of two routes to Deora and though I am just getting into my stride when we reach the village, there is an upside to our prompt arrival – a long, lazy evening with a gin and tonic. As the sun goes down, an air of deep calm settles around us. Not even a strong earth tremor that sets the trees shuddering on the hillside can upset the sense of serenity.

This corner of India has not always been peaceful. Over the centuries, several armies have swept through the mountains, leaving behind a patchwork of myths and customs - as well as unresolved tensions and border disputes. As I take pictures of the sun setting over the valley, Rohan talks of ancient migrations from the Indian plains, conquering armies from the mountains of Nepal and, of course, the long British presence.

When darkness falls and a chill descends, the cook builds us a fire. A little later, the scent of dinner wafts out from his kitchen, and soon the dishes began to appear for a lamp-lit feast under the stars. The food – chicken curry with lentil dal, chapatis and various curried vegetables – is simple but delicious.

Day two dawns cool and clear, and as the sun rises over our breakfast of fruit, cereal and eggs, the temperature climbs with it. By 9am it is warm in the sunshine and cool in the shade of the forest – perfect conditions for walking. With the luggage taken on ahead by car and porter, I set out with a spring in my step.

For the first couple of hours we wind through terraced farms that cascade down the hillsides – a style of agriculture I had previously associated with the rice paddies of southeast Asia. Rice grows here too when the monsoons come, later in the year, but in April the wheat is ripening to a golden glow and the scent of coriander floats on the breeze. Women and children break from their weeding and watering, touching their fingertips together to greet us as we pass.





Soon we leave behind the farms and the landscape changes around us. Pine trees give way to Indian oaks, darker and more spindly than their European cousins, and among them lurk a few splashes of colour from deep red rhododendrons. The final steady climb towards lunch lifts us out of the valley and onto a ridge, where a picnic is prepared.

Pressing on, we continue past great seams of rock exposed by landslides. Each monsoon brings fresh falls, Rohan explains, as rain-sodden topsoil loses its grip on the steep slopes. The rock beneath carries scars of a deeper restlessness: the tectonic forces unleashed as India burrows its way under China.

Great bands of sediment that once lay flat on the seabed now rise diagonally across the rock face and, here and there, a sparkling band of silvery flakes is all that remains of a long-departed lake and the life it contained. The tremor we had felt the night before was merely the most recent realignment of these jostling continents.

After six hours of walking, we pass through the 7,000ft mark and arrive at Jwalabanj, our lodging for the night. I can feel the effect of the altitude now, and any activity brings on breathlessness. Happily, I have to do nothing more strenuous than sit back and watch the lights flickering on in villages across the valley. Voices float up out of the darkness, mixing with the crackling of fires and the lowing of cattle – the sound of lives unfolding quietly below.

The next morning we leave behind these rolling green foothills and head for 360 Leti, our driver picking his way around hairpin bends and weaving through the tiny Suzukis and overloaded trucks that jockey for position on the steep ascent.

As we wind our way deeper into the mountains, the traffic begins to thin and tarmac gives way to gravel and then packed earth, until we can go no further by car. We walk the last couple of miles along a dry, dusty track and are rewarded with a picture-postcard vision of the Himalayas: dark, angular peaks capped with pure white snow.

We arrive at the exalted site of 360 Leti, a forested spur of land with valleys on three sides and towering mountains beyond. Set into the hillside are four glass and stone chalets, each luxuriously appointed with Burmese teak furniture, brass fittings and copper basins. Floor-to-ceiling glass is all that stands between me and some of the world's most breathtaking scenery.





Breathtaking in both senses. Needing time to adjust to the altitude, I opt for a gentle walk to a nearby Hindu temple the next morning. On the way back, with low cloud hanging over us, Rohan expounds on the Hindu pantheon, ancient creation myths, depictions of aliens in Babylonian art and the sci-fi film 2012 – a train of thought that may have been influenced by the thinning air.

In need of sustenance, I take up the offer of a cooking masterclass with Yeshi, the head chef at Leti and a former Tibetan monk. I watch as he whips up samosas with his well-practised fingers, then take my turn under the watchful eye of the Dalai Lama, whose portrait hangs in the corner of the kitchen. A couple of hours later, my efforts take their place at my candlelit table, accompanied by Yeshi's more expert creations.

Full of the complacency that follows a good meal, I commit myself to an early rise the next morning for an attempt on Leti's most challenging trail. We will need a clear day for the strenuous trek to the peak of Khadaa Dhunga, and as we leave the warmth of the dining room, a glittering sky confirms that the cloud has indeed lifted. There is no getting out of it now.

I wake before dawn and set out on the steep, rocky path, spurred on by the sight of fresh mountain snowfalls, now brushed with gold by the rising sun. Soon Rohan and I are climbing through rhododendron forest, the flowers fading from scarlet to pale pink as we gain altitude. I fade too in the thinning air, more breathless with every step, my head throbbing from the lack of oxygen.

Stepping above the tree line, the summit is finally in sight. So too are the simple houses of the shepherds who wander the mountains with their flocks as the snowline ebbs and flows. Some homes have been abandoned and ravaged by storms, but with the snow receding, they will soon be patched up and brought back into service for another summer.

Pressing on past these outposts of an ancient way of life, and feeling rather ancient myself with my pounding heart and heaving lungs, I struggle up the final few steps to the summit. Relief gives way to triumph and then awe as the landscape unfolds in front of me.

To the north, Khadaa Dhunga plunges precipitously into a valley and then rises in a series of rolling hills and mountains, ridge after ridge, into the full splendour of the Himalayas. I am facing a natural, snow-capped amphitheatre and, directly in front of me, the twin-peaked summit of Nanda Devi. At 25,646 feet, it was once thought to be the highest in the world.

I sit down to eat with the mountains at my feet and reflect on the path behind me, leading back down to Leti and then on to the lodgings in the foothills, the sleepy railway station at Kathgodam and across the dry plains to Delhi. With my back to the city, I breathe in the crisp mountain air and tuck in to breakfast on top of the world.

Scott Dunn offers luxury tailor-made trips to India and the Himalayas from £4,250 per person. This price is based on a 12-night itinerary, including three nights at 360 Leti, international and domestic flights, all accommodation, guiding and private transfers. For more information visit scottdunn.com or call 020 8682 5075.


~_~


We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

Thank you for your support.


~_~


About the Pride in London Parade

The Pride in London Parade is the biggest LGBT+ parade in the UK, as many thousands of people march down the route.

Want to join the Parade?

The Parade is now fully booked, and no further bookings can be accepted. Find out more.

Watching the Parade?

The streets will be closed, so you can watch from the barriers. Try to avoid Oxford Circus and Regent Street as it gets very crowded.

Is the Parade accessible?

We have dedicated volunteer access stewards, a safe space in the Parade and a shuttle bus that runs along the route. If you need accessible parking, we have a small number of free places. There's a viewing platform and wheelchair recharging point at Trafalgar Square. Assistance dogs are welcome in all areas.

If you have any problems

Please speak to our stewards if you need any help or hear something that upsets you. We want everyone to feel safe at Pride and work with the police to investigate any complaints.

Route map

The Parade forms up in Portland Place and runs from the BBC's Broadcasting House to Oxford Circus, down Regent Street, through Piccadilly Circus, Lower Regent Street and past our new Grandstand viewing point, left into Pall Mall, Pall Mall East, Cockspur Street, past Trafalgar Square, and into Whitehall where the Parade disperses. You can see the full route on the map below.


~_~


Donald Trump asked Senate Republicans to introduce a healthcare bill with “more heart.” They didn’t.

The senators’ draft legislation, introduced last Thursday, will strip tens of millions of low-income and middle-class Americans of their health insurance. Millions more will face higher costs for lower coverage. The Congressional Budget office estimates 22 million more people will be uninsured by 2026 than would be if the Affordable Care Act remained law.

The Senate bill will cut the number of people eligible for subsidies that reduce monthly premiums and lower out-of-pocket costs for insurance bought on the Affordable Care Act health exchanges. It will defund Planned Parenthood for one year, which is an important source of preventive and primary care services for millions of low-income women and women of color. It strikes at the heart of healthcare services for the poor by ending Medicaid expansion in 2021 and changing the way states receive federal funding - another measure that will cause cuts in the program.

These cuts will be on top of the $600 billion that the president’s budget seeks to eliminate from the program over the next 10 years.

During his election campaign, Trump’s outreach to black voters effectively comprised the question “What do you have to lose?” That answer has become clear.

The president’s effort to repeal Obamacare, coupled with rollbacks in civil-rights enforcement and massive cuts to safety net programs, are moving the country backward. The Senate health bill is the latest in a string of efforts to dismantle programs and policies that benefit all Americans, and are especially critical in closing racial disparities in health, income, education, housing and policing.

The administration’s effort to do away with the Affordable Care Act is at the top of the list of actions that will hit people of color hardest. Although every racial and ethnic group benefited from greater access to insurance, the reduction in the uninsured rate for African Americans, Native Americans and Latinos, was near double that experienced by whites in the first year the law took effect. Much of this improvement was because of Medicaid expansion under the Obama program.

The attack on Medicaid is especially concerning given its role in providing rural and urban children and families with access to healthcare. Medicaid covers one in five Americans, including poor adults, seniors and people with disabilities. Half of all births nationwide are covered by the program.

Beyond the assault on healthcare programs, the president’s budget will cut taxes for the wealthy and increase defense spending by $54 billion while slashing programs that provide help to low-income individuals, families and communities. It will cut billions of dollars from food and nutrition, housing, and community development programs that poor families and communities rely on to meet basic living needs.

The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program provides food stamps to help working families meet their nutritional needs. Funding for the program will be reduced by more than 25 percent, or $193 billion, over 10 years. The Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, which provides federal funding for state-based income support and work programs for poor families, would be cut by $22 billion during the same period. And the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s budget will be slashed by nearly 15 percent or $7.4 billion. At a time the nation faces an affordable housing crisis, funding for homeless programs, direct rental assistance and home-buying programs are being drastically reduced.

If Trump has his way, other programs, such as the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program that helps pay for heat and electricity, and the Community Development Block Grant program that helps revitalize economically depressed neighborhoods will be eliminated.

The environmental justice program within the Environmental Protection Agency is also slated to be shut down. Low-income communities are more likely to have poorer air and water quality and have historically been targeted for dumping of toxic pollutants. Environmental justice initiatives have been key in remedying this imbalance. The Flint water crisis was an unfortunate reminder that our communities remain vulnerable to high levels of lead and other environmental inequities that have lasting impact on health.

The closing of the environmental justice office at EPA is part of the Trump administration’s broad strategy to reduce civil rights enforcement by federal agencies. The office of civil rights within the Education Department is also targeted for cuts and a similar office in the Labor Department will be eliminated.

Then there are the efforts to roll back Obama-era criminal justice reforms. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has called for harsher sentences for low-level drug offenders - again a measure that will disproportionately affect racial minorities. Blacks and Hispanics are more likely to be charged and to receive longer sentences than whites for similar crimes regardless of prior criminal history or severity of the crime. Despite similar rates of drug use, blacks are 10 times more likely to be incarcerated for drug use compared to whites. Sessions has also signaled that his Justice Department will not enforce consent decree agreements that have played a key role in holding police departments accountable for civil rights abuses – another area in which minority communities have been disproportionately singled out.

These policies are chipping away at the nation’s health and sustainability. The U.S. will be a minority-majority nation in a few decades. It is not in our national interest to marginalize Americans of color.


~_~


US theatre companies with "Shakespeare" in their names say they have been targeted with abusive and threatening messages following right-wing outrage over a New York production of Julius Caesar.

The Washington Post reports that the Massachusetts-based Shakespeare & Company was sent a letter saying: "F*** you, hope you all who did this play about Trump are the first do die when ISIS COMES TO YOU f****** sumbags," while the Boston Globe says Shakespeare Dallas in Texas has received more than 80 misdirected abusive messages, including threats of rape and death along with the suggestion that the company be "sent to Isis to be killed with real knives".

Raphael Parry, artistic director at Shakespeare Dallas, told the newspaper he blamed Google’s analytics for prioritising local search results for theatres.

"They’re just doing a general Google search," he said. "When you Google 'Shakespeare in the Park' in the Texas region, our name pops up first, and they just go to town."

Anger among Trump supporters has grown following his depiction as Julius Caesar in the annual Shakespeare in the Park in New York.

The production references contemporary politics, imagining Caesar as a Trump-like figure complete with a Slavic-accented wife.

Right-wing media sites have reacted angrily to the depiction. A headline in Breitbart read: "'Trump' Stabbed to Death in Central Park Performance of Julius Caesar", while Fox News Insider titled its article: "NYC Play Appears to Depict Assassination of Trump."

A recent performance was disrupted by two protesters who objected to the bloody scene in which the title character is knifed to death, reports the New York Times.

The outcry has also led several sponsors, including Delta Airlines, to withdraw their support from the production.

Trump-like Julius Caesar: Five facts about controversial New York production

12 June

A new production of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar in New York has come under attack for its portrayal of a Donald Trump-like character in the title role of the doomed Roman leader.

In the show, staged by the non-profit Public Theatre for the regular free summer Shakespeare in the Park event, Gregg Henry plays Caesar as an obnoxious, blond-haired businessman who is stabbed to death by his fellow senators because they fear his hunger for power.

The interpretation has led to two major US corporations boycotting the production.

Here's what you need to know.

Caesar really does look like Trump

This isn't a case of mistaken identity - Henry's Caesar does resemble the US President - in fact, the New York Times review says the "depiction of a petulant, blondish Caesar in a blue suit, complete with gold bathtub and a pouty Slavic wife, takes onstage Trump-trolling to a startling new level".

Does it go too far?

According to reports, audiences have been shocked when Caesar is stabbed, but it is mostly conservative commentators who have expressed outrage over the show.

A Breitbart article headlined: "'Trump' Stabbed to Death in Central Park Performance of 'Julius Caesar'" quotes audience member Laura Schaeffer saying she found the show "shocking and distasteful". Meanwhile, in Fox Insider, Fox & Friends hosts said it was "not a subtle statement" to portray the murder of a US president.

Donald Trump Jr has also questioned funding for the show:

I wonder how much of this "art" is funded by taxpayers? Serious question, when does "art" become political speech & does that change things? https://t.co/JfOmLLBJCn — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) June 11, 2017

Delta and Bank of America have withdrawn support

Two major sponsors, Delta Air Lines and Bank of America, have withdrawn their sponsorship of the production, with the BBC reporting that Delta had said the producers had "crossed the line on the standards of good taste". Both companies have been supportive of Shakespeare in the Park for the past several years.

Not everyone hates the show

According to the production's leading actor, Julius Caesar contains important parallels to today's political environment.

In an interview with Backstage, Henry said director Oskar Eustis's vision was "very much to show us a warning that Shakespeare had" and that the play was about "the way you fight that tyrant". Eustis himself, in a statement to the Associated Press said "anyone seeing our production of 'Julius Caesar' will realise it in no way advocates violence towards anyone".

A string of violent Trump parodies

There has been a series of controversies over Trump parodies with violent overtones over the last few weeks. Comedian Kathy Griffin was fired by CNN after appearing to hold up a severed Trump head, while the Daily Telegraph reports that rap star Snoop Dogg shot a clown dressed like the President in a video, prompting an angry tweet from Trump criticising the rapper's "failing career" and asking what the response would have been if he had pretended to shoot Barack Obama.

Entertainment Weekly, however, says this isn't the first time Julius Caesar has drawn on the White House for inspiration. In 2012, a version by New York-based The Acting Company featured an Obama-like version of the Roman leader.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


What term do you want to search?

This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here.


~_~


Qatar signals LNG price war for market share in Asia

SINGAPORE Qatar's plan to boost liquefied natural gas (LNG) output by 30 percent is the opening shot in a price war for customers in Asia pitting the Gulf state against competitors from the United States, Russia and Australia.


~_~


Northern Ireland's politicians have missed multiple deadlines to restore power-sharing at Stormont since March, with each party blaming the other - and the Tory minority government - for the most recent failure to meet an agreement.

While DUP leader Arlene Foster says talks will continue over the summer, negotiators remain far apart on several issues, including Sinn Fein's demands for an Irish language act.

What's behind the rift?

Michelle O'Neill, Sinn Fein's leader at Stormont, claims the Conservatives' deal with the DUP is one of the main reasons efforts to establish a new administration have floundered, the Belfast Telegraph reports.

"What this constitutes is a monumental failure on behalf of Theresa May," she said on Tuesday. "She has set back decades of work that has been done here throughout the years and it's a consequence, as we all know, of the DUP supporting the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister in turn supporting the DUP."

Calls for an Irish language act

The DUP, meanwhile, blames the stalemate on Sinn Fein's demands for an Irish language act to put Irish on an equal par with English in the province.

Fearing criticism from hardline unionists, the party has argued for an all-embracing culture act that would also guarantee the rights of Ulster Scots speakers and incorporate the protection of Orange/Protestant culture into legislation, The Guardian reports.

What now?

The government has repeatedly warned that if no power-sharing deal is in place soon, it may call for new elections or step in to govern the region through direct rule.

Both the UK and Irish governments have warned that failing to secure an agreement would have "profound and serious implications" and limit Northern Ireland's influence in Brexit talks, Reuters says.


~_~


U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.


~_~


There may be no period of reflection this Saturday when the Crusaders take on the Lions, but the 185 will be on the minds of many seven years on after the Canterbury earthquakes


~_~


Tony Blair was not "straight with the nation" about his reasons for going to war in Iraq, Sir John Chilcot says. In his first interview since publishing his report on the conflict last year, the inquiry chief said the evidence given was "emotionally truthful", but relied on beliefs rather than facts. Blair's spokesman said "all these issues" had been dealt with.


~_~


Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.


~_~





~_~





~_~


214 Bermondsey, London

This cosy bar tucked away in Bermondsey was the brainchild of Nick Crispini and Lawrence Mason, who sought to bring the best of the world's distilleries to the capital. But not only do they have more than 100 gins available, they have gone as far as making their own tonic water, after finding others obscured the spirit's taste. The resulting BTW uses quinine infused straight from the South American cinchona bark for a crisp and clean taste.

214 Bermondsey Street, London, SE1 3TQ; 214-bermondsey.co.uk

Gin Bar, Holborn Dining Room, London

This bar boasts London's largest collection of gin, with more than 400 to choose from. Factor in a selection of 30 different tonics and that's a mind-boggling 14,000 different gin and tonic combinations to navigate through. Fear not, as the expert bartenders are on hand to guide you, or just opt instead for one of the cocktails, from the Gingin Mule to the Floral Negroni.

252 High Holborn, London, WC1V 7EN; holborndiningroom.com

The Distillery, London

A one-stop shop for gin lovers in the capital, this destination combines two bars and a distillery-cum-museum in the historic hotel, handily offering rooms to retire to for those who may have had one too many. While you'd be remiss not to try the signature Portobello Road Gin, head to the GinTonica bar where you can sample more than 100 brands from around the world served up in a Spanish-style gin and tonic, which comes in a copa de balon with carefully selected complementary garnishes.

186 Portobello Road, London, W11 1LA; the-distillery.london

Atlas, Manchester

This award-winning bar takes its gin seriously – so much so that it's set up the website ginbible.co.uk to showcase its ever-growing collection. For those who want to learn more about the spirit head to one of the regular events, including themed supper clubs that match a three-course food menu to the chosen gin.

376 Deansgate, Manchester, M3 4LY; atlasbarmanchester.com

Pollen Street Social, London

Jason Atherton's Pollen Street Social has more than 60 gins on the menu, helpfully organised into nuanced tasting groups such as citrus, floral or juniper-heavy. Each month the restaurant highlights one particular brand: the Bombay Spirit Company takes its turn in June, being transformed into two drink specials, a Martini and the classic gin and tonic.

8-10 Pollen Street, London, W1S 1NQ; pollenstreetsocial.com

The New Ellington, Leeds

This luxury boutique hotel, named after jazz legend Duke Ellington, is home to the Gin Garden, offering more than 100 different brands of the popular spirit. Perhaps the best way to compare and contrast is to book into one of the regular gin-tasting events, where guests will be guided through the history of gins, sample four different varieties and learn how to make the perfect gin and tonic.

23-25 York Place, Leeds, LS1 2EY; thenewellington.com

Heads and Tales, Edinburgh

This hidden gem in the Scottish capital's West End plays host to local distillers Edinburgh Gin. There are two stills installed in the bar – affectionately named Flora and Caledonia – allowing you to watch the distilling process in action while sipping on one of the expertly made cocktails. If you're feeling adventurous, opt for the 'Gin It Yourself', which allows you to design your own drink, from the choice of glass to complementary flavours.

1a Rutland Place, Edinburgh, EH1 2AD; headsandtalesbar.com

Mr Fogg's Gin Parlour, London

While Mr Fogg's gin collection doesn't match that of the Holborn Dining Room in sheer numbers (coming in at a mere 300), combine it with the 25 tonics and 40 botanicals on offer and the bar reckons there are at least 9,000,000 different variations on a gin and tonic it can whip up. To make an afternoon of it, however, indulge in the quirky G&Tea, serving up gin-infused tea cocktails with Victorian inspired sweet treats.

1 New Row, London, WC2N 4EA; mr-foggs.com/gin-parlour


~_~


Fans of University Challenge have said Cambridge scholar Eric Monkman remains their unlikely hero, despite being branded “useless” by host Jeremy Paxman as his team lost out in the final.

The Canadian captain of Wolfson College, Cambridge, has sent social media into a frenzy this series, with fans going into meltdown over his hotly anticipated head-to-head with Oxford’s Joey Goldman, who also gained a cult following this season.

‘Monkmania’ peaked this evening as Wolfson locked horns with Oxford’s Balliol, showcasing the 29-year-old Economic's graduate's distinctive facial expressions and vigorously determined approach to answering the difficult questions.

Despite his best efforts, he could do little to prevent a comfortable win with a 50-point margin by the Oxford four.

The Canadian made heroic efforts, nailing the starter questions time and again, but Balliol were much the stronger team and pulled away in the final stretch of the half-hour BBC2 show to win by 190 points to 140.

When the Cambridge student stumbled as he made a guess midway through the show, host Mr Paxman snorted with his trademark disdain: “That was a completely useless answer", this served only to endear Monkman further to his fans, especially when he self-deprecatingly agreed with the host.

Be proud Monkman, you may have lost a final but you won a nations heart. #monkmania #UniversityChallenge — Nathaniel Marten (@altr_nate85) April 10, 2017

Balliol captain Joey Goldman didn't lead from the front quite in the manner of Monkman but was ultimately more effective with a stronger supporting team.

Monkman led enthusiastic applause for the victors, who were were awarded the coveted trophy by Professor Stephen Hawking, who gave a light-hearted speech.

what an honour for Stephen Hawking to get to meet Monkman #Monkmania #UniversityChallenge — Holly Morgan-Davies (@hmdavies95) April 10, 2017

“I have said in the past that it is not clear whether intelligence has any long term survival value. Bacteria manage to flourish without it. But it is one of the most admirable qualities, especially when displayed by such young minds. Many congratulations to both teams and especially to Balliol College, Oxford on becoming series champions on University Challenge, a programme I have long enjoyed.”

Monkman, who is currently job hunting in his hometown of Oakville after completing his Master's degree, said he finds his newfound cult celebrity status "a bit strange."

Fans may be disappointed to learn he has a girlfriend, Jiang Na, a professor of law at Beijing Normal University. He told The Daily Telegraph that he doesn't think of himself as "an object of desire" and assumes people are being ironic when they suggest he is a sex symbol on Twitter.


~_~


First reviews are out on Mercedes's Porsche 911 GT3 RS-rivalling AMG GT R earlier this year and the critics seem impressed.

Mercedes has designed the AMG GT R to perform at Germany's famous racing circuit - the Nurburgring. Setting a lap time of seven minutes and ten seconds, it broke the record for the fastest rear-wheel drive production car while using a standard set of Michelin Pilot Sport Cup 2 tyres.

Video of Beast of the Green Hell: The Mercedes-AMG GT R – Mercedes-Benz original

Here are all the details and what the experts think.

Design

The stripped-out supercar, inspired by the marque's GT3 racer, has a noticeably wider track and several carbon fibre additions compared to its entry-level GT relative. The wider body not only improves handling by increasing the car's surface area, it also allows for better airflow to the brakes and around the vehicle.

Carbon-fibre active aerodynamic devices are fitted under the body, which moves downwards above 50mph to create what Mercedes calls a "Venturi effect" sucking the car to the ground and providing more high-speed grip. Air is also fed towards the rear diffuser, which improves stability on circuits and provides an increase in cornering speeds.

Underneath, the GT R features bigger brakes than its predecessor, adjustable suspension and a four-wheel steering system making it more agile at low speeds, when the rear section turns in the opposite direction to the front, and more stable when going fast by pointing both sets in the same direction.

Performance

The AMG GT R uses an uprated version of the 4.0-litre V8 bi-turbo from the standard GT, producing an extra 74bhp and 37lb-ft torque for an output of 577bhp and 516lb-ft torque. This surge in power is helped by the two uprated turbocharges that sit inside the engine in Mercedes's "hot vee" layout - a similar technique to that seen in its F1 cars.

The engine is paired to a seven-speed dual-clutch gearbox, which helps direct the power towards the rear wheels. It also features a nine-stage traction control system from the GT3 racing car, with level one tailored for wet conditions and level nine allowing for the most wheel spin.

Factor in the lighter kerb weight of 3594lbs and the GT R goes from zero to 62mph in 3.6secs, with a top speed of 196mph. Economy figures are what you would expect from a track-focused machine, with Auto Express reporting a claimed 24.8mpg and 259g/km of CO2 emissions.

Reviews

Traction, balance and grip levels are "truly impressive" in the hardcore Mercedes coupe, says Evo. While the steering feels a little lighter than expected, there's a "genuine sense of connection to the R's front end".

Switching the 11-stage traction control system completely off reveals "even greater ability", adds the magazine. Unlike previous range-topping AMG models, the GT R "finds so much grip on the way into corners" and lots of traction on the exit, making it a very rewarding experience for drivers.

The AMG GT R's vocal V8 engine is enjoyable in "short blasts", but it could become "a little wearing" on long journeys, says the Daily Telegraph. The same can be said for the suspension, which feels "firm" and might not be comfortable on worn British roads.

Nevertheless, it's a car of "immense ability and considerable charm", the newspaper says. It's a "treat for the eye and ear", offering a challenging driving experience that is "no longer disconcerting".

The AMG GT R was tuned at Germany's famous Nurburgring track to make it the fastest supercar on the market, but its "super-sticky" Michelin tyres help " get its power down surprisingly well" and stop it being "intimidating", The Independent says

The tyres, along with "extra width between the wheels", means the GT R is "more poised" through corners than the regular GT, while rear-wheel steering and active aerodynamics also improve handling at higher speeds.

Rivals such as the McLaren 540C and Audi R8 will "steer more sweetly" through bends, says the Independent, but "there isn’t much that can beat it" in high speed corners.

"It's surprisingly easy to live with," says What Car?, although it warns buyers will need time to adjust to the "ridiculously long bonnet and the fiddly infotainment system".

The interior, however, "looks suitably special" and there's "lots of manmade suede and gloss black trim", while a yellow dial in the centre of the dashboard allows drivers to "vary the interference from the stability control system".

Those in the market for a car "to make you feel good and other people jealous" won't find much better than an AMG GT R, concludes What Car?.

Rivals

As a track-focused supercar with a £140,000 price tag, the AMG GT R is a direct competitor to the Porsche 911 GT3 RS.

The 911 GT3 RS is powered by a 3.8-litre naturally aspirated flat-six engine, which produces 493bhp and revs to a radical 8,250rpm. The AMG GT R, however, produces over 80bhp more than the Porsche from its 4.0-litre bi-turbo V8 – revving to 6,250rpm.

While the Porsche may lack the overall horsepower of the Mercedes, it's around 400lbs lighter than the GT R's 3,594lbs kerb weight.

When it launched in 2015, the 911 GT3 RS cost around £10,000 less than the AMG GT R, which Evo says makes it "something of a bargain". But the GT3 RS "sold out in double-quick time", which means buyers will need to look to private sellers to get their hands on one.

Other rivals to consider are Jaguar's 576bhp F-Type SVR and the V10-engined Audi R8 Plus. Buyers may also want to consider Lamborghini's Huracan Performante, although it's the GT R's most expensive rival at £215,000.

Prices

The AMG GT R is available to order now, with prices starting at £143,245. The optional Nurburgring-inspired "green hell magno" paint costs £7,500, with ceramic brakes priced at £5,995.


~_~


Further education advocate Shakira Martin has won the National Union of Students presidential election for 2017.

Following a strongly contested campaign, Ms Martin, 28, was elected with 56 per cent of the student vote, beating Tom Harwood and last year’s controversial winner Malia Bouattia.

Defining herself as a black single mother from a working-class family, Ms Martin said further education had been a “lifeline” for her and her family.

Speaking to The Independent before the results were announced, Ms Martin said she had been inspired to run in the election after speaking to students who said they felt increasingly disenfranchised and disconnected from the union.

“I want to put the NUS back into the hands of its membership and send the message to the heart of the government about what students want,” she said.

Formerly the vice president for further education (FE), Ms Martin has pledged to “expose and demolish class barriers to education” and ensure FE students are better represented in the NUS.

Approximately 4.1 million members of the union are in college or further education rather than universities – a fact she says is all too often ignored.

Following the announcement of her victory, she said: “I am honoured and humbled to have been elected as NUS national president.

Student news in pictures







+ show all Student news in pictures

































































1/34 South Korean policemen detain a student demonstrator during a protest against South Korean President Park Geun-Hye EPA

2/34 South Korean policemen detain student protestors during a protest against South Korean President Park Geun-Hye outside the National Assembly in Seoul, South Korea. The protesters demanded that the parliament takes steps to impeach President Park Geun-Hye EPA

3/34 Filipino demonstrators face off with anti-riot police during a protest near the US Embassy in Manila, Philippine EPA

4/34 Hundreds of protesters including Indigenous People, students and militant groups marched towards the US Embassy to protest against the presence of US military troops and condemning the violent dispersal which left at least forty people hurt including twenty police officers and three people who were run over by a police van EPA

5/34 A federal judge in Mexico has ordered that a once-fugitive police chief be held on charges of kidnapping in the disappearance of 43 students

6/34 A man holds up a photograph of a missing student with a caption reading 'We are missing 43,' during a meeting marking the 25-month anniversary of the disappearances of 43 students in the southern state of Guerrero, in Mexico City. A federal judge in Mexico has ordered that a once-fugitive police chief be held on charges of kidnapping in the disappearance of 43 students AP

7/34 Miguel Perez, an intern student from the University of Puerto Rico School of Medicine, puts away his cell phone before walking into the operating room at the Dr. Isaac Gonzalez MartÌnez Oncological Hospital in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Once they complete their general surgery training, many residents are moving to the United States in search of better wages, one of the main factors linked to the current shortage of specialists in the Island

8/34 Fewer EU students have applied to start university courses in the UK next autumn. There was a 9% fall in the numbers who had applied for courses, according to admissions service UCAS. PA wire

9/34 University students protest against President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas, Venezuela. Masses of protesters jammed the streets of Venezuela's capital on the heels of a move by congress to open a political trial against Maduro, whose allies have blocked moves for a recall election AP

10/34 University students protest against President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas, Venezuela AP

11/34 Thousands, most of them high school students, march during a demonstration in Madrid, Spain, on a one day strike to protest about the country's education law that increases the number of annual exams AP

12/34 Students gather on the west mall to confront the Young Conservatives of Texas student organization over a controversial bake sale on The University of Texas campus in Austin, Texas. The Young Conservatives of Texas chapter at the University of Texas-Austin sparked the protest with an affirmative action bake sale. The club encouraged students to buy a cookie and talk about the disastrous policy that is affirmative action

13/34 Donald Parish Jr, right, confronts Electrical and Computer Engineering senior Dewayne Perry over a controversial bake sale on The University of Texas campus in Austin, Texas. The Young Conservatives of Texas chapter at the University of Texas-Austin sparked the protest with an affirmative action bake sale. The club encouraged students to buy a cookie and talk about the disastrous policy that is affirmative action AP

14/34 Brigham Young University announced that students who report sexual assault will no longer be investigated for possible violations of the Mormon-owned school's strict honor code that bans such things as alcohol use AP

15/34 Students of secondary education march to protest against the final examinations and LOMCE (The Improvement Quality Education Law) law, after a call by trade unions, in Murcia, Spain EPA

16/34 South African police have used stun grenades and rubber bullets to disperse hundreds of protesters who had marched to the parliament building to call for free university education, where the finance minister was giving a budget speech AP

17/34 Police break up student protests outside the parliament in Cape Town, South Africa Reuters

18/34 South African Policemen fire rubber bullets at student protestors in Cape Town, South Africa AP

19/34 A student protestor is hit by a rubber bullet in Cape Town, South Africa AP

20/34 An injured student is helped by colleagues during protest outside the parliament during South African Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan's medium term budget speech in Cape Town, South Africa Reuters

21/34 Plaintiffs and bereaved families of elementary school students killed in the tsunami that followed a major earthquake in northeastern Japan in 2011, show banners that say 'victory in a suit filed with the Sendai District Court' in Sendai. A Japanese court ordered municipalities to pay $13.7 million dollars to families of school children who were swept away to their deaths by the 2011 tsunami Getty

22/34 A group of student at Ewha Womans University calls for a thorough investigation into those involved in years of engagement with state affairs backstage by Choi Soon-sil, a personal confidante of South Korean President Park Geun-hye, at the school's front gate in Seoul, South Korea EPA

23/34 Students raise placards during a strike action called by the student union, in Madrid against university entry exams Getty

24/34 Libyans throw a newly graduated student into a fountain as they celebrate during the graduation ceremony for students from the Faculty of Pharmacy at the Al-Arab University in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi Getty

25/34 Libyans celebrate as they attend the graduation ceremony for students from the Faculty of Pharmacy at the Al-Arab University in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi Getty

26/34 Libyans celebrate as they attend the graduation ceremony for students from the Faculty of Pharmacy at the Al-Arab University in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi Getty

27/34 Thousands of Thai Catholic students take part in mourning tributes and in singing the Thai Royal Anthem to honour late Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej at Saint Dominic School in Bangkok, Thailand EPA

28/34 Students of Silpakorn University paint portraits of the late Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej at the university campus in Bangkok Getty

29/34 A student of Silpakorn University paints a portrait of the late Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej at the university campus in Bangkok Getty

30/34 St Andrews University students take part in a foam fight known as Raisin Monday in the Lower College Lawn behind St Salvator's Quadrangle following the Raisin Weekend PA wire

31/34 St Andrews University students take part in a foam fight known as Raisin Monday in the Lower College Lawn behind St Salvator's Quadrangle following the Raisin Weekend, an annual tradition where student 'parents' inflict tasks on the unfortunate first-years they have adopted as 'children' as part of a mentoring scheme PA wire

32/34 Students at the Cuba's National Ballet School (ENB) in Havana, Cuba Reuters

33/34 Students at the Cuba's National Ballet School (ENB) take part in a practice in Havana, Cuba Reuters

34/34 Students at the Cuba's National Ballet School (ENB) wait in line to enter a classroom in Havana, Cuba Reuters

“I take this as a vote of trust that our members believe I can lead our national movement to be the fighting and campaigning organisation we need it to be, representing the breadth of our diverse membership.

“Further education made me who I am today and I look forward to sharing stories of just how powerful all forms of education can be when we’re all given access to it. During my term in office I want to spend my time listening, learning and leading.”

Drawing on her own experiences as a single mother entering education, Ms Martin said she chose to focus her campaign on the difference education and student unions could make to individuals.

“Over the past couple of years, I’ve spoken to so many students across the country who have said that the NUS is out of touch with its members and out of touch with students and not fighting for the issues that students care about,” she told The Independent.

Her comments come in the wake of Malia Bouattia’s controversial leadership which saw student unions across the country become increasingly divided.

Malia Bouattia interview

Ms Bouattia faced damning criticism and a parliament-led investigation last year after she was accused of anti-Semitism by the Jewish student community.

The then leader denied the allegations, criticising media outlets for calling her “a racist, an anti-Semite, an Isis sympathiser, and more”.

The House of Commons home affairs committee concluded that comments made by Ms Bouattia describing Birmingham University as a “Zionist outpost” smacked of “outright racism”.

In an interview with The Independent during the run-up to Wednesday’s vote, Ms Bouattia said she recognised the comments from six years ago were “incredibly clumsy” and said she hoped students would recognise her more recent work fighting hate-crime within the student community.

As its first Muslim female president, the NUS said it “applauds” Ms Bouattia’s work to make the movement “more diverse, ensuring the organisation is representative of the students it represents”.

Tom harwood – NUs delegate campaign video

Ms Bouattia received 272 votes from the 721 delegates – 130 fewer than Ms Martin. Satirical video campaigner Tom Harwood was the least successful, coming away with just 35 votes.

His sharp rise to fame followed claims he could “defeat Isis” and lower the cost of Freddos in his initial NUS delegate campaign.

Mr Harwood, a 20-year-old politics student at the University of Durham, led his presidential campaign with the promise he would work to reunite the student union, which he said was “in crisis” and had been “hijacked” by the left.

He had previously run the “Students for Britain” campaign during the EU referendum, encouraging students to vote for Brexit.

Speaking to The Independent before the NUS conference he said: “The NUS has failed in including students in the movement. Nationwide, turnouts in NUS delegate elections are pitifully low, it is common for turnouts to be below 5 per cent. This is not good enough.”

“It seems that every week there’s a new anti-Semitism scandal,” he added, “and the current leadership of NUS is refusing to change. Intimidation is rife, and the hard factional politics push students away.”

Over 1,200 students, elected officers and campaigners from higher and further education, including apprentices, from across the UK are spending this week in Brighton to debate and decide on key policy issues affecting students.

Last year a number of student unions across the country voted to disafilliate with the NUS, including the universities of Cambridge, Lincoln and Loughborough.


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~



You & Mr Jones partners, from left, George Prest, Sarah Davies, David Jones, Emma Cookson, Jean-Marc Atoni, Drew Burdon, Julie Hardy, Annette Stover and Andre Pinto. Photo: You & Mr Jones.

You & Mr Jones, the “brand tech” firm founded by former Havas CEO David Jones, is continuing its investment and hiring spree.

The New York-based company was launched in June 2015 with a $350 million investment to help it acquire and invest in companies that specialize in areas such as content creation, brand and content strategy, social-media marketing, data and analytics, programmatic media buying, and multichannel networks.

In the two years since it was founded, You & Mr Jones hasn’t slowed down on the deal front.

Recent, previously unannounced investments have included Tribe Dynamics, an influencer data platform that ties “earned media”—press coverage or other content placements that weren’t paid for by the advertiser—to sales. The firm also has backed Elsy, which uses artificial intelligence for media planning. Financial terms weren’t disclosed for either transaction.

The average strategic venture investment You & Mr Jones tends to make in a company—which previously has included the likes of digital media news and culture site Mashable and Pokémon Go maker Niantic—tends to be around $2 million. But it has invested anywhere from $100,000 to $6 million so far, according to Mr. Jones. On the majority acquisition side, total deal sizes, some of which are based on future performance, have reached from $30 million to just over $100 million.

Overall, You & Mr Jones has invested in 13 companies, acquired majority stakes in four firms and launched two of its own startups.

As for the future, Mr. Jones anticipates the company will be making more acquisitions in the data and analytics space, mobile video and “people-powered” marketing solutions that allow brands to tap into a crowd of talent to create their content. Mr. Jones expects the company also will make more minority investments in companies that work in the areas of augmented reality and virtual reality.

Mr. Jones said his company has four criteria it looks for in a potential investment or acquisition: “Is it a great business in a vertical we want to play in? Do we like the people? Will brands get excited about this? Can we do a deal at a valuation that makes sense?”

Ron Croen, partner at You & Mr Jones Photo: You & Mr Jones

Over the past year, the company has added a number of new partners to its team. Hires include Ron Croen, the founder and former CEO of technology company Nuance Communications; Julie Hardy, the former director at digital agency DAN Paris; and Amy Luca, who came on board in June as president of theAmplify, an influencer marketing platform You & Mr Jones acquired a majority stake in last year.

As a private company, Mr. Jones declined to provide financial information. But he did say that the company has more than $150 million of its initial investment left and that revenue grew 724% last year, albeit from a small, unspecified base.

You & Mr Jones has counted brands including Coca-Cola, Google, BNP Paribas, Facebook and Unilever among its clients.

cmo today newsletter Get your daily dose of media and advertising news with WSJ’s CMO Today newsletter. Sign up here.

While Mr. Jones comes from an ad agency background, he says he is “in no way, in any shape or form, looking to compete with or do what a WPP” does.

“Airbnb didn’t launch going, ‘We are going to launch a new Hyatt,” Mr. Jones said. “Uber didn’t go, ‘Yellow cabs, we are going to put them out of business.’ It’s a similar parallel. What we are setting out to do is create a new [brand tech] category.”

You & Mr Jones works with brands, but it has a couple of key differences from the way ad agencies work. The company doesn’t want to be on an agency roster and would rather be paid on a project-by-project basis, Mr. Jones said, adding that You & Mr Jones tends to find itself more in competition with management consultancies than ad agencies.

Write to Lara O’Reilly at lara.o'reilly@wsj.com


~_~


History students at the University of Oxford will be required to sit at least one exam paper focusing on black, Asian and other non-European history, following long-held complaints about an overly “white” curriculum.

From the next academic year, all Oxford history undergraduate students will choose at least one from a range of papers covering non-British and non-European areas of interest during their three-year degree course.

The move comes as universities across the UK face protests led by the student campaign, Why is my curriculum white?, The Times reported.

Possible topics for students to choose from include the 1960s civil rights movement in the US, Indian independence, the Spanish conquest of Mexico and te development of modern Japan. Figures such as Martin Luther King, Malcolm X and Mahatma Gandhi will feature prominently.

The top ranking UK institution has been criticised in recent years for not recruiting enough black students, despite a growing number of BAME students applying.

The university has also been at the centre of controversy following the student-led Rhodes Must Fall campaign, which saw thousands of people across the UK and South Africa campaign for statues of Cecil Rhodes to be removed on the basis that he was a “racist colonialist”.

Oxford’s Oriel College, which is home to one Cecil Rhodes figure, has since refused to take it down.

An Oxford University spokesman said there was “no link” between the Rhodes Must Fall campaign and the updated history curriculum – the move was in fact four years in the making, he said.

You do not have access to view this Atom.

In a statement, the university’s History Faculty said the department “regularly reviews and updates its course curriculum to reflect the latest developments in the subject.

“After a number of years of discussion and consultation among ourselves and with students, we have decided to make a number of changes to the curriculum.

“Among these is a requirement that students study one paper (from a wide range of such options) in non-British and non-European history, alongside two papers of British History and two papers of European History.”

Students take eleven papers in total during their history degree, the faculty added, and many members already opt to take at least one paper of non-European or British history.

“We are pleased to be modernising and diversifying our curriculum in this way,” the department said.

Film student makes emotional Adidas advert that's gone viral

The move has been welcomed by students and academics alike, but critics have argued the change does little to solve Oxford’s underrepresentation of women and ethnic minorities.

Niall Ferguson, a former Oxford professor who is now at the Hoover Institution in America, told The Times: “By comparison with America, some history courses here do look a bit old-fashioned.

“I am not the kind of backwoodsman who thinks Oxford should only teach English history and general history, which is what it did when I was an undergraduate, but let us be careful not to stop teaching crucial subjects like the rise of the West or the world wars in the effort to make courses more diverse.”

This year, the institution unveiled a series of new portraits of women and non-white scholars and alumni in a bid to “redress diversity” on show.

Other universities are also in the process of reviewing their history curriculums, it was reported, including Leeds, where a module in Black British History is said to be in development.

Cambridge professor Sir Richard Evans also said the way the empire was being taught was changing. “It is being studied in a more balanced way,” he said.

* This article originally reported that Oxford University was to introduce a "new exam paper" featuring black, Middle Eastern, Asian and Indian events, which was to be taken by all history undergraduates. In fact, as the quoted comments from Oxford University made clear, the change to the curriculum simply makes it a requirement that all history students take at least one non-European paper from a range of options during their degree. Some of the options have been available for many years. 6/6/17


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


Michael Palin has made his own unique contribution to the cultural riches housed at the British Library, donating more than 50 notebooks "containing original drafts, fledging ideas and personal reflections relating to his Monty Python writing", reports the BBC.

It is a collection that dates back to 1965, four years before the cult comedy first aired. As well as the writer and actor's personal diaries from the period, which are more extensive than his published memoirs, the documents also reveal the pay rates the Python team received from the BBC - Palin got 12 guineas, while co-star Graham Chapman was only paid ten.

Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Palin said the "doodles, notes and scribbles" could give fans an insight into how the Python team worked.

He said: "People ask me so often, 'How did you start Monty Python?', 'How do you get into writing?' There's no better way than actually looking at the material, the way we did it, and you can see it all here."

He added he had felt "a bit shy" about putting his notes on display, but said it would mean "future generations will know not to make the same mistakes".

The British Library adopts a slightly different stance, saying the "comedy talent of tomorrow may find inspiration from this collection”.

Palin's "contribution to comedy, film and television over the past 50 years has been enormous", it added, and Monty Python had "an unparalleled influence on British comedy and internationally".

The collection will be available to view in the British Library Reading Rooms from spring 2018.


~_~


The Fringe is the largest performing arts festival in the world, but the first festival in 1947 relied on more humble support PA

As Edinburgh prepares to host the largest arts event in the world, an archive has shown that the inaugural festival in 1947 only went ahead thanks to the generosity and spirit of residents.

The Edinburgh International Festival’s new site to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the event and its fringe offshoot recalls how 6,000 homeowners offered rooms for guests after a plea from Lord Provost John Falconer, because hotels had not yet been re-requisitioned after the Second World War.

Residents helped to overturn a ban on the castle being lit up by donating their coal rations, and helped to dress the city with flowers and flags.

Volunteers manned a club at the Assembly Rooms, preparing 2,500 meals a day for visitors, while the festival liaised…


~_~


UPSOT "Eyes top left, eyes top right." Checking your identity using simulated human cognition aiThenticate say their system goes way beyond conventional facial recognition systems or the biometrics of passwords, fingerprints and eyescans AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "We need to have a much greater level of a certainty who somebody actually is. In order to answer that question, we appealed to deep science, deep learning, to develop an AI method, artificial intelligence method, in other words to replicate or to mimic or to simulate the way that we as humans, intuitively and instinctively go by recognizing somebody's head, is very different to the conventional traditional way of face recognition, finger print recognition, for that reason really represents the next generation of authentication technologies or methods." aiDX uses 16 distinct tests to recognise someone - including eye prints - using a standard off the shelf smart phone to access encrypted data stored in the cloud it can operate in active mode - asking the user taking a simple selfie or discreetly in the background AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "It has applications in the security sense, it has applications in a customer services sense, you know this kind of things the bank calls you up and says: this is your bank calling, please, where you live, what is your mother's name, what's your dog favourite hobby, whatever the case it may be. It takes that kind of guess work out of the equation completely and it answers the, "who" question to much greater levels of confidence or certainty, than what traditional or conventional biometrics have been able to do in the past." UPSOT "Halt" "My name's Ben Affleck" Let me confirm that....The system has confirmed that you are somebody else." Billions of dollars a year are lost to identity theft globally. aiThenticate hope their new system can help stop at least some of that illegal trade


~_~


Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE A new USA TODAY/Suffolk University poll shows low support among Americans for the GOP healthcare bill. Susan Page, USA TODAY Washington bureau chief, explains the findings. USA TODAY

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Majority Whip John Cornyn speak with the media after they and other Senate Republicans had a meeting with President Trump at the White House on June 27, 2017. (Photo: Alex Brandon, AP)

Just 12% of Americans support the Senate Republican health care plan, a new USA TODAY/Suffolk University Poll finds, amid a roiling debate over whether the GOP will deliver on its signature promise to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.

In the survey, taken Saturday through Tuesday, a 53% majority say Congress should either leave the law known as Obamacare alone or work to fix its problems while keeping its framework intact.

But the dilemma for the GOP is this: Eight in 10 Republicans support repeal, and close to a third say the law should be repealed even if a replacement health care plan isn't ready yet. Just 11% of independents and 2% of Democrats feel that way.

The divide between the demands of the GOP base and the skepticism of the broader electorate helps explain why Senate Republican leaders have been forced to delay a vote as they scramble for the 50 votes needed to pass a measure.

Donald Jones, 61, a sheriff from West Frankfort, Ill., who was among those called in the survey, has seen both the benefits and costs of Obamacare. "I had one relative who probably was uninsurable and was able to get insurance that they wouldn't have been able to get otherwise," he said in a follow-up interview. "I had another family member who was forced to get insurance that they really can't afford to pay."

Now, he doesn't think Congress should repeal it and he objects to the Senate rush to a vote: "It has kept people from knowing enough about it."

In the survey, 45% oppose the Senate bill and nearly as many, 40%, say they don't know enough about it to have an opinion. The plan was drafted in closed sessions by a handful of Republican senators and staffers, and it hasn't gone through the customary process of committee hearings.

Even among Republicans, only 26% support the Senate bill; 17% oppose it. A 52% majority say they need more information before they can express a view.

Robert Ridge, 76, a retiree from Hazel Green, Ala., has some qualms about the lack of a public debate on the Senate bill, but he endorses the GOP's goal. "We need changes to Obamacare; it's imploding," he says. "If it solves the severe problems that Obamacare has, it would certainly be an improvement."

The poll of 1,000 registered voters, taken by landline and cellphone, has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points.

Whatever the political disagreements, there is an overwhelming national consensus on what provisions any health care plan should include:

Pre-existing conditions: More than three-fourths, 77%, say it is "very important" that the health care system permit people with pre-existing medical conditions to buy health insurance at the same price as others. Just 6% say that protection isn't important to them. The Senate bill requires insurers to accept those with pre-existing conditions, but it allows states to seek permission to reduce required benefits. Some patients could face dramatically higher costs or lifetime limits for treatments no longer defined as essential.

More than three-fourths, 77%, say it is "very important" that the health care system permit people with pre-existing medical conditions to buy health insurance at the same price as others. Just 6% say that protection isn't important to them. The Senate bill requires insurers to accept those with pre-existing conditions, but it allows states to seek permission to reduce required benefits. Some patients could face dramatically higher costs or lifetime limits for treatments no longer defined as essential. Medicaid expansion: Nearly two-thirds, 63%, say it is "very important" that lower-income people who became eligible for Medicaid through the Affordable Care Act continued to be covered by Medicaid. Just 10% say that isn't important to them. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that the Senate plan, which would cut Medicaid spending by $772 billion over the next 10 years, would result in 15 million fewer people being covered.

Nearly two-thirds, 63%, say it is "very important" that lower-income people who became eligible for Medicaid through the Affordable Care Act continued to be covered by Medicaid. Just 10% say that isn't important to them. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that the Senate plan, which would cut Medicaid spending by $772 billion over the next 10 years, would result in 15 million fewer people being covered. Lower premiums: Close to six in 10, 57%, say it is "very important" that insurance premiums go down in price; 17% say that's not important. The CBO predicts that premiums would rise for a few years under the Senate plan, then fall by about 30%. But overall health care costs would go up for most people because deductibles would be higher and some states wouldn't require insurers to provide some benefits that are now mandated.

"There are a whole lot of benefits to Obamacare, like the birth control (coverage), like not making women pay more for insurance, the supplement to those who cannot afford Medicaid, coverage of pre-existing conditions," says Melinda Mckonly, 67, a retired pastor from Manheim, Pa. "There are just a big list of things that help people."

By more than 4-1, those surveyed trust congressional Democrats over congressional Republicans to protect the interests of them and their families on health care, 43%-10%. Another 19% say they trust President Trump most. The president's ratings on handling health care far lags his standing on other issues, including the economy and national security. Twenty-seven percent approve of the job he's doing on health care; 61% disapprove.

Americans spread the blame for the problems Washington has had in enacting legislation on such major issues as health care, taxes and infrastructure. Asked who is most responsible for gridlock, 26% identify congressional Democrats and 24% congressional Republicans. Another 16% cite the Trump administration.

And 25% volunteer: All of the above.

Read more:

Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2tkQU7w


~_~


Apparently, Britain has a housing crisis. Here’s what it looks like: first-half operating margins “comfortably” ahead of the 25.7 per cent achieved in the second half of last year; cash returns to shareholders of £2.85 billion by the end of 2021; and, by the same date, a potential £600 million bonus for the top 150 executives.

Yes, it’s mean to pick on Persimmon, Britain’s biggest housebuilder. It’s just produced a first-half trading update that it justifiably calls “excellent”: revenues up 12 per cent to £1.66 billion, lifted by about half the customers using Help to Buy; forward sales 18 per cent higher at £1.6 billion; and average selling prices 3.5 per cent ahead at £213,000. It’s building more houses, too, with completions up 8 per…


~_~


Lexus has kicked off proceedings at the New York Motor Show by unveiling its high-performance LS 500 F Sport.

Based on this year's LS luxury saloon, the F Sport will be powered by a new twin-turbocharged 3.5-litre V6 engine that produces 409bhp and 442lb-ft of torque. The motor is coupled to a ten-speed automatic gearbox, allowing the F Sport to go from zero to 60mph in 4.5secs.

It will also be available in plugin-hybrid LS 500h form, says AutoExpress, which uses a 349bhp 3.5-litre V6 and two electric motors. Hybrid models come paired with a four-speed automatic gearbox that can mimic a ten-speed transmission in manual mode for a more engaging driving experience.

Lexus will equip all variants of the F Sport with its "Vehicle Dynamics Integrated Management chassis control system", which the magazine says alters the characteristics of the chassis and power management.

Inside, the F Sport benefits from redesigned front seats and "aluminium trim elements", says Evo. It also has a sports steering wheel and "a different look to the digital instruments that takes inspiration from one of the first cars to boast such technology – the LFA supercar".

Exterior tweaks include "a more aggressive interpretation of the company's now-familiar spindle grille", the magazine says, which has been coated in a black paint and incorporates "7000 individual facets in its mesh-like structure".

Prices for the LS 500 F Sport have yet to be released, but expect it to cost more than the existing model's £99,995 price tag.

The New York Motor Show runs from 14 to 23 April.

Lexus to debut high-performance LS F Sport at New York

5 April

Lexus is gearing-up to unveil a high-performance variant of its LS 500 saloon at the New York Motor Show this month.

Dubbed the LS 500 F Sport, the long-wheelbase executive saloon will be built on the entry-level's GA-L platform, which is also the foundation of the company's LC 500 sports car due to reach the market this year.

The F Sport will "inherit the same 409bhp 3.5-litre twin-turbo V6 petrol or 345bhp V6 hybrid engine options as the standard cars", says Evo, while the stiffer architecture of the base model should maintain "the exceptional ride comfort one would expect from a high end Lexus".

According to AutoExpress, much like other F Sport models in the range, the high-performance LS 500 "will cut a more aggressive, sportier look than other cars in the LS range with new alloy wheels and more muscular bodywork".

It could also continue the performance theme inside, adds the magazine, "with sports seats and new eye-catching new instrumentation behind a sports steering wheel".

While it won't rival saloons with "stonking" performance, says Cnet, "it should stand on its own as the most fun LS model yet unveiled."

There's no details on prices or performance figures yet, but Lexus will confirm specifications when the LS 500 F Sport debuts at the New York Motor Show, which runs from 14 to 23 April.

Lexus 2017 LS: Prices, specs and release date

16 January

Lexus has taken the wraps off its rival to the Mercedes S-Class saloon and BMW 7-Series, the Lexus LS, at the Detroit Motor Show.

Along with a brand new design featuring an intricate new grille, the flagship comes with an array of driving technology, including an autonomous emergency brake and automatic steering that can avoid pedestrians who stray into the road.

The interior has also been significantly redesigned, with a host of wood panelling and metal highlights giving a more premium feel. Buyers will also be able to monitor the car in several ways thanks to a 12ins display and digital dashboard.

Video of Introducing the all-new Lexus LS

Here are all the details.

Design

Outside, Lexus has introduced a radical new design to the LS incorporating a highly detailed grille comprising of "thousands of individual surfaces", it says. The car also features a coupe silhouette, similar to the Porsche Panamera, which is particularly noticeable in the sloping rear window.

Offered only in long-wheelbase form, the 2017 LS is lower, wider and longer than the outgoing model, offering more room inside and improving the handling dynamics. Buyers who find the ride height too low can equip an optional air-suspension pack that raises the vehicle when the doors are opened.

The cabin appears to incorporate several design queues from German rivals, including a long and sleek dashboard from the Mercedes S-Class and the BMW 7-Series steering wheel from a. As well as the plentiful supply of wood and leather Lexus owners expect, there is also a 12.3ins screen display located above the centre console and a digital dashboard.

Performance

At the heart of the saloon is a bespoke 3.5-litre twin-turbo V6 engine which delivers around 415bhp and 445lb-ft of torque to the rear-wheels. It is coupled to a ten-speed automatic gearbox, which powers the all-wheel drive model to 0-62mph in 4.5secs.

Underneath, the LS is built around Lexus's GA-L lightweight architecture, which the Japanese firm also used for its LC500 GT car. There are also stiff aluminium suspension towers and special braces in the engine compartment, stiffening the car and providing better feedback between the wheels and the driver.

Additionally, Lexus has introduced a new multilink suspension system, says AutoExpress, designed to "introduce a more precise steering response" and to optimise "ride comfort and traction", with rear-wheel steering providing "greater stability and agility".

Prices and release

Prices have not yet been revealed, but expect the 2017 LS to cost more than the current model's £99,995. Sales will begin towards the end of 2017, says CarBuyer, although orders may open earlier in the year.

Lexus debuts 2017 LS luxury salooon at Detroit Motor Show

10 January

Lexus has unveiled its new flagship LS luxury saloon, its rival to the likes of the BMW 7 Series and Mercedes S-Class.

At the heart of the saloon is a 3.5-litre twin-turbo V6 exclusively designed engine which delivers around 415bhp and 445lb-ft of torque to the rear-wheels. It is coupled to a ten-speed automatic gearbox, which helps the all-wheel drive variant do 0-62mph in 4.5secs.

Video of Introducing the all-new Lexus LS

Outside, the LS features a radical design incorporating a highly detailed grille comprising of "thousands of individual surfaces", Lexus said, unveiling the car at the Detroit Motor Show. It's also lower, wider and longer than the outgoing model, offering more legroom for occupants and improving the handling dynamics.

The chassis has undergone some considerable weight saving, shaving 198lbs off the current model thanks to a new lightweight steel and aluminium GA-L platform, which is also used on the LC500 coupe. Buyers who find the ride height too low will be offered an optional air suspension pack that raises the vehicle when the doors are opened.

Inside the LS appears to take several design queues from its German rivals, including a long and sleek dashboard from the Mercedes S-Class. As well as the plentiful supply of wood and leather Lexus owners have come to expect, there is also a 12.3ins display situated above the centre console.

Safety equipment has been greatly improved, with an autonomous emergency brake and automatic steering around pedestrians who stray into the road, reports CarBuyer.

Prices have not yet been revealed, but expect the LS to cost more than the current model's £99,995. Sales will begin towards the end of 2017, says Autocar, although orders may open earlier in the year.


~_~


The U.S. government sought to intervene in Apple's tax troubles in Europe, a source told Reuters. Last August, the European Commission said Apple had received illegal tax breaks in Ireland, and it ordered the company to pay back close to $15 billion. The decision was criticized by the Obama administration. Trump's White House has not said anything in public about the case. In December, Apple appealed the EC decision in the Luxembourg-based General Court, Europe's second-highest. This is where the U.S. government filed its application to intervene in the case. The court is expected to hear the case in late 2018. Apple is not the only U. S. company in the EU crosshairs over tax deals. Others include Amazon, McDonald's, and Starbucks.


~_~


Brian O’Driscoll, Enda Kenny, and Dick Spring promoted Ireland’s bid to host the cup at an event last November BRIAN LAWLESS/PA

Shane Ross has defended the government’s decision to underwrite the tournament fee and basic budget for Ireland’s campaign to host the Rugby World Cup in 2023.

Controversy erupted over the €320 million bill after Eamon Ryan, the Green Party leader, claimed no risk analysis had been carried out.

“We should not commit €320 million of public money without any proper analysis as to where it’s going, what the risks are and what the potential benefits are,” Mr Ryan said yesterday.

Emergency legislation, set to be passed before the summer recess, came before the Dáil last night.

“This is the most energising piece of legislation I have introduced to this House,” Mr Ross, the sports minister, said.

“I don’t expect this to pass without controversy but…


~_~


She died some 1,700 years ago, and is believed to have ruled over a desert valley in ancient Peru. But a glimpse of the former priestess, the Lady of Cao, can now be seen in a replica of her face. Using modern technology, the replica was based on the Lady of Cao's skull structure and took 10 months to create. Culture Minister Salvador del Solar said the project's goal is to bring the world closer to one of Peru's best archaeological finds and remind Peruvians of their rich cultural heritage. SOUNDBITE: Salvador del Solar, Peru's culture minister, saying (English): "Today I want to share all the enthusiasm and pride with the people who have reconstructed the image of the Lady of Cao. We can now show the world her face, a face that Peruvians see ourselves in." The discovery of the Lady of Cao's mummified remains in 2005 shattered the belief that the ancient Moche society was patriarchal. Several Moche female mummies have been found since in graves with objects denoting a high political and religious standing. The Lady of Cao is a reminder of the complex societies that thrived in what is now Peru, long before the Inca empire dominated the Andes or Europeans arrived in the Americas.


~_~


They arrived at a London court one by one. Four former Barclays executives. Charged with conspiracy to commit fraud and providing unlawful financial assistance. SOUNDBITE (English) CITY INDEX MARKET ANALYST, KEN ODELUGA, SAYING: "It's highly significant, there's no doubt about that whatsoever. It's the first criminal charges against any senior executives in the U.K. related to the financial crisis. " John Varley, Roger Jenkins, Tom Kalaris and Richard Boath.. Are alleged to have committed the crimes during the 2008 global financial crisis... When Barclays made undisclosed payments to Qatar... As part of a 12 billion pound emergency fundraiser... SOUNDBITE (English) CITY INDEX MARKET ANALYST, KEN ODELUGA, SAYING: "You can't have one deal is in public in a number of other deals which are in private. That's completely against the principle of that sort of United Kingdom law and financial law which we all take great pride in having." It's taken five years of investigation to get to this point. Britain's SFO trying to uncover why Barclays didn't go the same way as other British banks which required major government bailouts. More may become clear in the court room now, the four are appearing for a second hearing later this month.


~_~


National Public Radio (NPR) tweeted the Declaration of Independence line by line for the 4 July holiday and Donald Trump's supporters were not impressed.

NPR meant the series of more than a 100 tweets as a celebration of the founding document of the country and did it to honour of a 29-year tradition of reading the Declaration on air.

Some saw the tweets as particularly relevant to the state of current affairs and praised the action as a reminder of why federal funding for the public broadcaster should not be cut, as the Trump administration has proposed.

The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States of America, — NPR (@NPR) July 4, 2017

However, the tweets drew the ire of several more people; some tweeting that NPR was inciting violence and revolution against Mr Trump.

Some were short and to the point, though misspelt:

Horsechit — Terry (@xebec78) July 4, 2017

And some were deleted after people realised their mistake, but were still documented by writer and Twitter user Parker Molloy:

More than a few people thought the tweets were justification for the broadcaster to lose funding and called the tweets "trash".

Seriously, this is the dumbest idea I have ever seen on twitter. Literally no one is going to read 5000 tweets about this trash. — Darren Mills 🇺🇸 (@darren_mills) July 4, 2017

This is spam I get alerts for NPR tweets because they are important My device is alarming nonstop. unfollowing. — Brandon Travan (@btravan_IT) July 4, 2017

At least one person recognised his "stupid" moment, however, after ironically tweeting that NPR was calling for a "revolution" and makes a good point about the Declaration of Independence.


~_~


Whisper it. It's just a few weeks until the big getaway - the one you've been saving for and dreaming about for months. You can almost hear the surf hitting the beach. It's time to escape it all with the people you love. What could possibly go wrong?

But while we’re forking out an average of £2,000 for a family of four each time, more than one in five of us don’t take out travel insurance at all, despite the astronomical bill that could add to the spend if you have problems.

Why do I need travel insurance?

A travel insurance policy usually provides cover for cancellations and delays, medical expenses if you have to visit a doctor or hospital overseas, personal liability if you cause damage to people or things, protection if your bags or possessions are stolen, lost or damaged and the really expensive one – emergency assistance or repatriation if you have to be brought back to the UK after an injury.

And they’re worth it.

The average medical claim on a travel policy comes in at almost £1,000. Worse - die abroad and the repatriation process could come in at as much as £17,000. And yet policies start at less than £5 for an individual and £17 for a family.

Not only that but buying your policy in plenty of time (most of us don’t) will cover you if the trip is cancelled by the companies involved or by you in certain cases, such as traveller illness or even the sudden death of a close relative.

Look for travel insurance deals here

European travel

What many people don’t realise is that if you’re in the EU, the basics are covered in an emergency for free with the EHIC, or European Health Insurance Card, scheme. The idea is that all EU citizens, regardless of whether they are a national of that country or not, are afforded the same fundamental medical support.

As the NHS puts it: “A valid European Health Insurance Card gives you the right to access state-provided healthcare during a temporary stay in another European Economic Area (EEA) country or Switzerland.

“The EHIC covers treatment that is medically necessary until your planned return home. Treatment should be provided on the same basis as it would to a resident of that country, either at a reduced cost or, in many cases, for free.”

The EHIC also covers the treatment of pre-existing medical conditions and routine maternity care, as long as you’re not travelling to seek treatment or give birth.

Which is great. Or was, until we called time on our EU membership. What medical aid Brits can expect after we leave remains unclear. For now the scheme for UK residents remains unchanged.

It is completely free to register and receive your card through the NHS site. (If you’re trying to sign up and are charged for anything, including any admin, ‘review’ or ‘fast-track’ fees, you’ve stumbled onto a scammer’s page trying to get money out of you for something you categorically do not have to pay for. Don’t do it.)

Crucially though, EHIC is in no way a travel insurance alternative. It certainly won’t help if your wallet gets nicked on La Rambla, for example, or you don’t even get off the ground after your flight is cancelled.

Step foot outside your own front door in the pursuit of leisure and you should certainly have a travel insurance policy with your name on it. But where to start?

Holiday insurance

Your first choice is about duration – whether you want an annual policy or one off cover for a specific period. It goes without saying that if you’re planning to be away more than twice, an annual or multi-trip policy usually works out cheaper overall. If you only expect to venture away once a year, a single trip policy should do it. And that could be achieved for as little as £5.

The cheapest cover, of course, is those who are going to a very easy destination with top notch infrastructure, are in excellent health, and have no plans to do anything rash.

But that doesn’t mean the rest of us need to fork out a fortune for a policy that suits our circumstances.

Search for travel insurance deals here

Family travel insurance

Aimed at families travelling together, this kind of cover is typically suitable for two adults and up to four children aged to 18, and will usually come in cheaper than insuring each member individually. You may also get higher levels of cover on a family policy, including more baggage cover, alternative accommodation and cancellation cover.

Some policies include children free of charge and may also allow adults to travel independently without the kids on other trips.

Watch out for small print that varies from insurer to insurer though, especially when it comes to restrictions on age, whether you all live together at the same address and, believe it or not, if you’re a single parent family.

Click here to search for the cheap travel insurance deal for your family.

Travel insurance for the over 70s

The insurance world has been slow to acknowledge that many retirees these days want to travel the world with their new-found freedom. But while some insurers will only offer annual policies to up a certain age limit, it is possible to secure cover from a specialist insurer and get going.

There’s no getting away from the fact that the older you get the more likely you are to make a claim, whether it’s for medical treatment overseas or cancellations because you’re unwell. And that means you will pay more. But you do get extra cover for things like medical emergencies.

Yes, older travellers are more likely to have a pre-existing medical condition and may be denied cover because of it but specialist providers can and do older cover travellers with a range of problems… the application process may just be a little more in-depth.

If you find yourself refused by a general insurer because of your age, or the quote is sky-high, don’t give up. A specialist travel insurance provider will base their quote on your individual health and claims history and could prove cheaper.

For cheap travel insurance for over 70s from general and specialist insurers, click here.

Travel insurance for medical conditions

Top of the list of things standard insurance policies don’t cover, alongside terrorism and natural disasters, are pre-existing medical conditions.

If you have a medical condition or illness that you have had treatment for or even simply sought medical advice about, you will have to give the details to your insurer. That can include anything from cancer and heart problems to asthma, whether it is a current problem or something that happened decades ago.

The reality is that, because of the sheer cost to insurers of medical treatment overseas if something happens to you while you’re away, those with pre-existing conditions will pay more for their policy. But failing to disclose information can invalidate your cover and if disaster strikes, your claim will be rejected and it won’t pay out.

Once you’ve answered all the rather personal, in-depth questions you may be offered a standard policy after all. However, you may be refused a policy altogether, or something in between, such as imposing certain exclusions, terms or higher excess payments.

Your destination, because of the eye-watering cost of medical treatment in, for example, Canada, the USA, Spain, and the Caribbean, may also be a factor.

Compare travel insurance deals that fit your medical history.

Backpackers travel insurance

Backpacking isn’t like a ‘normal’ holiday and the insurance needs to cover you over an extended period across a multitude of countries. It should also include cover for working abroad and the kind of high octane sports that the young, free and adventurous go for.

Beware though, you’ll need to double check what extreme sports each policy will cover and the type of work – paid or voluntary if you plan to do any. Because of the market it is aimed at, you may struggle for a tailored backpackers’ policy if you’re above a certain age or have a pre-existing medical condition.

Travel in more risky areas and countries, such as war-zones or unstable regions, won't be covered so you need to be sure of the geographical boundaries for your policy too.

Find the cheap travel insurance for backpackers here.

Best travel insurance for winter sports

If you’re off to the slopes, you’ll need a comprehensive winter sports policy to cover you in case of injury or the loss or theft of your equipment as well as all the other benefits of a travel policy, including that all-important medical and repatriation cover.

For this, (including ice-skating, tobogganing, off-piste skiing and heli-skiing) you will need a specifically designed policy as standard, single trip insurance won’t usually cover you.

The small print for winter sports cover can be nasty, so read it thoroughly. Most won’t cover you for off-piste activity unless you have an instructor with you for example, and you may struggle for a policy if you also have a pre-existing medical condition.

And if you plan to indulge in a little apres-ski, bear in mind that travel insurance policies don’t cover you for injuries sustained under the influence of alcohol, at altitude or otherwise…

Find the best travel insurance deals for your ski trip here.

Looking for credit card or current account deals? Search here


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


The long-awaited UN report into Israel's reoccupation of the main cities of the West Bank criticised both Palestinian militants and Israeli army tactics yesterday, but found no evidence to support claims that Israeli forces were responsible for a massacre in the Jenin refugee camp.

The report criticised Israel for the "widespread destruction of Palestinian property" in Jenin during the operation earlier this year but said Palestinian claims at the time that some 500 Palestinians had been wantonly killed "have not been substantiated".

The Israeli foreign ministry praised the report, saying it cleared up a "misconception" there had been a massacre.

Israel denied access to the UN team that prepared the report and gave it no information. It was forced to rely on published sources and statements from observers from six governments as well as from human rights organisations.

Around 1,500 families were made homeless when Israeli tanks and bulldozers demolished houses and shops in the narrow alleys in the heart of the refugee camp in April.

Palestinian officials as well as many foreign journalists said there had been a "massacre". The only reference to the word in the report itself is in eyewitness accounts "by survivors of the massacre at Jenin refugee camp" submitted by Jordan's UN mission.

In Jenin, where the refugee camp was levelled in several days of fighting, Palestinians despaired at what they considered the lack of international pressure on Israel to end the continuing curfews and withdraw. "This report will not provide anything for the Palestinian people," said Bassam Sbaihat, the Palestinian Authority official who liaises with the Israeli army, as he sat in his office near a vast mound of rubble where UN officials believe five bodies remain hidden.

The UN report said 52 Palestinian deaths had been confirmed by April 18, the same death toll reported by Israel. The UN findings mirrored those of Human Rights Watch. Up to half the Palestinian casualties may have been civilians rather than armed fighters, it said, but it was impossible to determine a precise figure.

Saeb Erekat, a senior negotiator for the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, said in mid-April that 500 people had been killed. The Israeli army spokesman, Brigadier Ron Kitrey, added to the confusion at the time by saying more than 200 people were dead in Jenin.

Israel initially agreed to a UN investigation but later claimed the team chosen by Kofi Annan, the secretary general, was not genuinely aimed at fact-finding. The Israeli government seized on the lack of corroboration of any massacre to say the whole investigation had come about "as the result of false Palestinian propaganda".

"The report overwhelmingly negates this Palestinian fabrication and repudiates the malicious lies spread regarding the issue", the foreign ministry said.

But the UN team has several criticisms of Israel's incursion, its biggest military deployment for two decades. It says that on at least three occasions Israeli forces targeted ambulances. Its use of heavy weaponry and helicopter gunships on densely populated civilian areas was disproportionate. Civilians were arbitrarily arrested and forced to strip. Round-the-clock curfews for several days left people without vital supplies or medical aid.

Palestinian militants are accused of violating international law by stockpiling weapons and putting fighters in the densely populated camp.

The report also looked at the entire West Bank reoccupation. Between March 1 and May 7, it said, 497 Palestinians had been killed in the West Bank. During the same period Israel endured around 16 terrorist bombings, mostly suicide attacks. More than 100 people were killed and scores wounded.

Mr Annan said he was confident the report was a "fair representation of a complex reality" but stressed that it dealt with abuses which continue. "While some of the facts may be in dispute, I think it is clear that the Palestinian population have suffered and are suffering humanitarian consequences which are very severe," he said. "I would hope that both parties will draw the right lessons from this tragic episode".

Nabil Shaath, a Palestinian cabinet minister, called the report an important step. "I know it doesn't satisfy everybody and it wasn't done in the way it should have been done. But still it identifies what happened in Jenin as a ... crime against humanity," he said.

However, the Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesman, Menzies Campbell, said: "This report is fatally flawed by the fact that the UN team of investigators ... was refused access to Jenin. Inevitably it undermines the authority of the secretary general."


~_~


The speakers connect to automated systems and can be used to call for help

Smart speakers that can tell you when your test results are due, change the room temperature or lower the blinds are coming to British hospitals.

Several NHS trusts are in talks with IBM to introduce the voice-activated bedside speakers, which resemble Amazon’s Echo speakers and are already used in the US. It is understood that they will come to a number of hospitals in the next two years.

The intention is to improve patients’ experiences by helping to meet their non-medical needs and to give frailer patients greater control of their surroundings. The speakers do not only connect to automated systems but can be used to call for emergency help without pressing a nurse-call button.

It is hoped that they will cut the time that…


~_~





~_~


Welcome back, international cricket. In 2020, after 15 years, English international cricket will be back on free-to-air TV.

It is tempting to declare this a revolutionary moment for English cricket. Certainly, it amounts to a tacit, albeit belated, admission that the ECB was wrong to remove cricket from free-to-air after the summer of 2005. It adds to the sense, too, that the ECB recognises cricket’s deep malaise - its declining participation and visibility, and the sense of a sport that has been left behind by the national conversation - and is determined to set it on a new course.

And yet these conclusions, even if largely justified, feel a little out of kilter with what has actually been announced. From 2020-24, all England home Test matches and one-day internationals will remain live and exclusive on Sky Sports. Only two men’s T20 internationals, and a solitary women’s T20I, will be available to watch free-to-air on the BBC - less than ten hours of live international cricket a year and, as evidenced by Eoin Morgan resting himself for last week’s deciding T20I against South Africa, in a format in which England almost invariably play a shadow side.

More significant is the commitment to live TV coverage of the new men’s T20 competition, showing ten games, including the final, as well as the women’s equivalent, in which eight matches will be shown. This could be potentially seminal for female cricket, given how free-to-air coverage of the Women’s Big Bash in Australia turbocharged the growth of the women’s game too. Awarding the BBC website highlights and clips of all internationals is promising, too.

But, compared to other sports, there will remain a paltry amount of live, free-to-view international cricket. The Six Nations have rejected more money from Sky to remain exclusively on free-to-air TV. The Wimbledon Tennis Championships remain exclusively on BBC, where it receives incessant coverage for a fortnight a year. The halcyon days of every England Test match live on free-to-air TV will never return - neither BBC nor Channel Four have any desire for it to - but Wimbledon’s example hints at how a marquee Test, packaged as a centre-piece of the British sporting summer, could be sold to free-to-air. The obvious solution is for the showpiece Lord’s Test of the summer - an event that, like Wimbledon, can transcend day-to-day followers of the sport - to be returned to free-to-air. Now, that won’t happen until 2025, at least - or probably ever.

Events such as Wimbledon get wall-to-wall coverage from the BBC (Getty )

In a sense the debate about free-to-air TV has long been hackneyed: changing viewing habits have made it less significant. That’s why, for the future of cricket, the most important part of the deal concerns smartphones and tablets. Rights for these were bundled with the TV package: whoever holds the TV rights for a format has them for smartphones and tablets too. In the case of every England home Test and ODI, that means Sky.

There is a sense of missed opportunity here. In 2008 Major League Baseball launched AtBat, allowing fans to pay as little as $19.99 a year to watch live matches, and call up statistics or action replays at will: effectively making each fan the director of their own private broadcast. It is the highest-grossing iPhone sports app of all-time, and was downloaded a record 11 million times in 2014. In Saving the Test, author Mike Jakeman discussed AtBat with cricket administrators, and was left hopeful that the sport would soon adopt a similar concept to reach out to newer fans. Four years later, we are still waiting.

All England home Test matches and one-day internationals will remain live and exclusive on Sky Sports (Getty)

For all the optimism in cricket about the new contract, it amounts to “something of a fudge,” warns Simon Chadwick, a TV marketing expert. “Cricket somehow finds itself trapped inside a gilded enclave, denied the opportunities attributable to free-to-air mass market TV whilst at the same time somewhat remote from the dynamism of the millennial and GenX markets.”

Cricket is a sport that has faded badly in the public consciousness. The number of adults playing at least once a month has fallen from 428,000 in 2008/09 to 308,000 today, according to official Sport England figures, and the Champions Trophy failed to break out beyond existing cricket fans. While the new bounty of cash - £1.1bn - holds out the promise of reinvigorating cricket at grassroots, the past decade has proved that extra TV money for cricket, however well-spent, can only do so much to combat a lack of visibility.

From 2020, cricket will have significantly more visibility on free-to-air TV, and digital platforms, than at any point since 2005. That is good news. Just do not mistake it for a solution to the sport’s urgent need to re-engage the public.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Congratulations to Angela Rayner, one of the rising stars of the Labour front bench, who is to be a grandmother, possibly the youngest in the history of the Commons at the age of 37. Her son, Ryan, and his girlfriend are expecting in December, by which time Rayner, left, has her own expectations of being in the cabinet as education secretary.

Before then, she plans to spend the summer recess caravanning, which was music to the ears of Grant, the Diary Hobbit, who is an enthusiastic camper (especially if you put the Village People on the jukebox). There is something about Labour women and caravans. Margaret Beckett and Jacqui Smith both holidayed in them. Appropriately, Beckett, as foreign secretary, had a tourer that she took…


~_~


LONDON (Reuters) - Rafa Nadal continued his imperious run of form as he swept aside American Donald Young 6-4 6-2 7-5 in the Wimbledon second round on Wednesday.

The two-times champion was rarely troubled by an opponent ranked 43rd in the world who chose to slug it out from the back of the court against the supreme Spanish baseliner.

The fourth seed, who has yet to drop a set in the tournament, will face Karen Khachanov in the third round. The 21-year-old Russian is tipped to be a future winner of grand slams.

"It might look easy at this moment in our sport, because there are three players that won 18, 15, and 12," he said, referring to Roger Federer, himself and Novak Djokovic.

"But it not a very long time ago when (Pete) Sampras had 14, and it looked like nobody was going to have the chance to increase that number," Nadal added.

"Karen is a great player, he has chances to win a lot. But then there are other good players out there."

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA’s Donald Young celebrates during his second round match against Spain’s Rafael Nadal Tony O'Brien

On current form, few people would bet against Nadal.

The 31-year-old, fresh from winning his 10th French Open title last month, was roared on by the crowd and he seemed to be able to produce winners at will with his swashbuckling forehand.

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 Spain’s Rafael Nadal celebrates winning his second round match against USA’s Donald Young Tony O'Brien

Young, 27, sought to mix up his play in the third set by rushing the net and he broke the Spaniard's serve. But in the end there was nothing he could do to prevent the Nadal juggernaut rolling on.

As Nadal left Centre Court, he was slightly taken aback when a fan asked him to sign a prosthetic leg, but he politely agreed.

Asked whether that was the strangest thing he had autographed, he chuckled: "Probably not".


~_~


500 years ago this year, Martin Luther launched the Reformation – a revolution in European society, based on one simple idea – the centrality of faith. Put simply, the idea was that at the heart of an individual’s relationship with God, or with anyone else for that matter, lies faith, or perhaps better, trust. Trust matters. Without trust, relationships, marriages, friendships, societies quickly fail.

We have seen the vital importance of trust and what happens when it is lacking in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire in the past few weeks. Being the Bishop of Kensington, I have been closely involved with the communities around the Lancaster West estate over the past fortnight and beyond, and have watched and listened to the growing frustration of residents, the anger directed towards the Council, the Government, in fact anyone in authority. The anger has taken some by surprise, but it is less shocking when seen against the background of the dreadful events of 14 June.

The Grenfell Tower fire did not happen in a vacuum. It came after many years of residents making complaints, feeling ignored and hearing promises that were not kept. Residents groups had often protested about the £10m refurbishment of Grenfell Tower that made it look good on the outside, without paying much attention to conditions and safety on the inside. A feeling has been growing among many residents, rightly or wrongly, that there were others who felt their presence was a nuisance, that it would be better if their blocks and homes were run down so that fancy expensive housing could be erected to be sold off for a greater profit to foreign investors. Complaints seemed to fall on deaf ears and in such a vacuum, conspiracy theories and rumours spread like wildfire. In other words, there has been a massive breakdown of trust.

Grenfell Tower survivors to be housed in 375 Kensington High Street







10 show all Grenfell Tower survivors to be housed in 375 Kensington High Street

















1/10 Inside a flat at 375 Kensington High Street - Located in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea berkeleygroup.co.uk

2/10 The 68 flats are being acquired by the City of London Corporation as part of the response to the tragedy berkeleygroup.co.uk

3/10 The luxury flats are located just a couple of miles from Grenfell Tower berkeleygroup.co.uk

4/10 The families will be offered permanent homes in the building berkeleygroup.co.uk

5/10 Penthouses in the block can go for up to £13m berkeleygroup.co.uk

6/10 A spokesman for the Berkeley Group confirmed they were finalising plans berkeleygroup.co.uk

7/10 The property boasts a gym, swimming pool and 24-hour concierge service harrodsestates.com

8/10 The families will live in the award winning £2bn development berkeleygroup.co.uk

9/10 Families whose lives were devastated by the fire at Grenfell Tower are to be housed in a luxury development berkeleygroup.co.uk

10/10 68 families are to be rehomed in the block berkeleygroup.co.uk

People in the smart streets of South Kensington struggle to understand the visceral anger felt by their neighbours in North Kensington. From the perspective of the south of the Royal Borough, RBKC felt like a reasonably well run Council that did a good job of keeping the schools running and the streets clean.

The anger felt by those further north comes, not primarily as a result of a few days inaction by the Council or the Prime Minister failing to visit locals on her first visit to the site, but on the back of many years of feeling unheard, unwanted and excluded from decision making, all of which means that when officials, from the Prime Minister to the most menial employee of RBKC makes promises about keeping residents in the area, that air pollution levels are safe, and they have their best interests at heart, local people tend not to believe them.

When the name of the Judge of the Public Inquiry was announced, the fact that he had several years ago made a judgment that had relocated a woman well away from her home was evidence to suggest he would not bring justice to those who wanted it. The fact that it is not his job to adjudicate on matters of housing relocation during the Inquiry is beside the point. In an atmosphere of mistrust, the slightest thing can become a huge obstacle very quickly.

Missing Grenfell Tower girl's 13th birthday celebrated with balloon release

Mistrust is corrosive. In its miasmic presence, both true and false rumours gain credence, honest assurances are not believed, people assume the worst. Mistrust is like a fog in which it is hard to make out the genuine promise from the self-serving excuse. One of the key tasks facing those involved in the longer-term future of North Kensington is rebuilding trust. That task is long, takes careful determination and will not be done quickly. It requires repeated promises fulfilled, honest answers and a will from both sides to make it work. Some relationships that require trust (with the Tenant Management Organisation, for example) may be beyond repair, but elsewhere it will be as slow and painstaking as picking through the rubble of the Tower itself.

One of Martin Luther’s catchphrases was sola fides iustificat, which can be translated as “only trust makes things right”. Societies thrive with trust, they are destroyed by mistrust. As lives, families, and the community in the Lancaster West estate are rebuilt, unless a serious attempt to rebuild trust is made, suspicion will continue to reign and destroy the small shoots of progress. If trust can slowly but surely be established, then this community has a hope and a future.

Reverend Dr Graham Tomlin is the Bishop of Kensington


~_~


CALGARY, Alberta Canada's energy regulator should shift the burden for ensuring quality of oil-and-gas pipeline parts from operators and move it more to manufacturers, according to an official report viewed by Reuters.

The National Energy Board (NEB) commissioned the report to improve the equality of pipeline parts after TransCanada Corp (TRP.TO) and Enbridge Inc (ENB.TO) discovered that some parts they were using were substandard.

Currently, operators often have to provide additional specifications for parts because standards are too low, placing them at a disadvantage, according to the report, which was provided to Reuters ahead of its public release.

"This creates an uneven playing field where pipeline operators with comprehensive specifications are placed in an uncompetitive position due to higher procurement costs," the report read.

Canada, home to the world's third-largest oil reserves, relies heavily on pipelines, making it imperative for them to be secure.

Policies should be developed "to ensure pipeline-operator quality strategies are transferred to all parties in the supply chain," according to the paper.

While the report's recommendations are not binding, NEB chief engineer Iain Colquhoun told Reuters this week the regulator's push for higher standards for manufacturers will ensure pipeline operators do not need to outline comprehensive additional specifications.

"We'll absolutely level the playing field," he said.

The higher standards would apply to all manufacturers who provide parts to Canadian pipeline operators, including South Korea's TK Corp (023160.KQ) and Italy's Valvitalia Sp (IPO-VALIT.MI), which had provided some substandard parts to TransCanada and Enbridge, according to the NEB.

TransCanada, which was among companies represented at an NEB workshop last week on quality assurance for pipeline parts, said it will use conclusions from the event to bolster its quality management program.

Enbridge, TK Corp and Valvitalia did not respond to requests for comment.

The Canadian Energy Pipelines Association, which includes TransCanada and Enbridge, said it is possible that manufacturers could still pass on some costs of the higher standards. But operators will not be heavily affected as they can make the money back through the lifecycle of their pipelines, CEPA said.

Colquhoun said possible new measures for quality assurance include more standardization of manufacturing methods and training for certain employees of pipeline operators.

The report recommended changes that also include more disclosures and tracking of materials from manufacturers.

The NEB will decide on detailed measures this year. It could take up to 2023 for changes to be adopted formally by the external standards association, but the regulator will take action if quality assurance issues demand immediate attention, Colquhoun said.

(Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Dan Grebler)


~_~


ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. A fire at a luxury sports car dealership in Hamburg, site of the G20 summit, was most likely arson, the German city's fire department said on Thursday (July 6). Twelve Porsche cars were destroyed by fire in the early hours of the morning, according to local media and the fire department. Chancellor Angela Merkel is expected to welcome U.S. President Donald Trump later on Thursday before the meeting of the world's 20 most powerful nations begins a day later. Brazil and Saudi Arabia have cancelled their participation.


~_~


Before starting the most recent season of Last Week Tonight, John Oliver said there would be some restrain from talking about President Donald Trump week in, week out.

While talking about a remarkably broad number of topics, Trump’s dominance over headlines has, of course, ended up featuring most weeks on the HBO show.

Thanks to a string of offending Tweets, Oliver took aim at the former Celebrity Apprentice host once more, starting with the “absolutely indefensible” messages about MSNBC host Mika Brzezinski.

“He’s pretty open about how grossly shitty he can be, so we can’t be shocked when he suddenly is,” Oliver commented after one member of the administration attempted to defend the Tweet.

Following the Tweets, the announcement of the previously banned “travel ban” being partially allowed by the United States’ supreme court dominated the news.

In pictures: President Donald Trump on tour







39 show all In pictures: President Donald Trump on tour











































































1/39 20 May 2017 US President Donald Trump and Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud arriving for a reception ahead of a banquet at Murabba Palace in Riyadh Getty Images

2/39 20 May 2017 US President Donald Trump, accompanied by First Lady Melania Trump, and Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud being welcomed at Murabba Palace in Riyadh Getty Images

3/39 20 May 2017 US President Donald J. Trump with King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud during a welcome ceremony with traditional sword dancers at Murabba Palace, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia EPA

4/39 20 May 2017 King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud with US President Donald J. Trump and wife Melania during a welcome ceremony at Murabba Palace, in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia EPA

5/39 20 May 2017 US President Donald Trump adjusts the Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal, after it was bestowed upon him by Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud at the Royal Court in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Reuters

6/39 20 May 2017 Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud presents U.S. President Donald Trump with the Collar of Abdulaziz Al Saud Medal at the Royal Court in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Reuters

7/39 21 May 2017 Palestinians print posters depicting US President Donald Trump in preparations for his planned visit, in the West Bank town of Bethlehem Reuters

8/39 21 May 2017 US President Donald Trump accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, his daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband White House senior advisor Jared Kushner, before delivering his remarks to the Arab Islamic American Summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Reuters

9/39 21 May 2017 US President Donald Trump looks on as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Muhammad bin Nayef exchange a memorandum of understanding Reuters

10/39 21 May 2017 First Lady Melania Trump shares a laugh with a child during a visit to the American International School in the Saudi capital Riyadh Getty Images

11/39 21 May 2017 US President Donald Trump holds a bilateral meeting with Bahrain's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa AP

12/39 22 May 2017 Israeli soldiers rest during preparations ahead of President Trump's landing in Tel Aviv, Israel Getty Images

13/39 22 May 2017 First Lady Melania Trump makes her way to board Air Force One in Riyadh as she heads with her husband the US President to Israel Getty Images

14/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump board Air Force One for Israel, the next stop in Trump's international tour, at King Khalid International Airport AP

15/39 22 May 2017 Israeli soldiers wait for the arrival ceremony of US President Donald Trump at Ben Gurion airport near Tel Aviv, Israel AP

16/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump arrive aboard Air Force One at Ben Gurion International Airport in Lod near Tel Aviv, Israel Reuters

17/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump disembark Air Force One on arrival at Ben Gurion International Airport AP

18/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald J. Trump and his wife, US First Lady Melania Trump are welcomed by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu upon arrival at Ben Gurion Airport, in Lod outside Tel Aviv, Israel EPA

19/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sit during welcome ceremony in Tel Aviv AP

20/39 22 May 2017 US First Lady Melania Trump chats wife Sara Netanyahu as US President Donald Trump chats to Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during a welcoming ceremony to welcome Trump at Ben Gurion International Airport Reuters

21/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump delivers a speech upon his arrival at Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv Getty Images

22/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump gestures during a press conference with Israel's President at the President's Residence in Jerusalem Getty Images

23/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump watches as First Lady Melania Trump signs the guest book at the President's Residence in Jerusalem Getty Images

24/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump in Jerusalem's Old City Reuters

25/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump visits the Western Wall, the holiest site where Jews can pray, in Jerusalems Old City Getty Images

26/39 22 May 2017 US President Donald Trump stands next to Rabbi Shmuel Rabinowitz at the plaza in front of the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest prayer site, in Jerusalem's Old City Reuters

27/39 22 May 2017 US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and White House senior advisor Jared Kushner leave notes at the Western Wall in Jerusalem Reuters

28/39 22 May 2017 US First Lady Melania Trump touches the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest prayer site, in Jerusalem's Old City EPA

29/39 22 May 2017 Ivanka Trump, assistant and daughter of US President Donald J. Trump, touches the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest prayer site, in Jerusalem's Old City EPA

30/39 22 May 2017 President Donald Trump visits the Western Wall AP

31/39 24 May 2017 US President Donald J. Trump arrives in a vehicle to Saint Damaso's Court for a private audience with Pope Francis in Vatican City EPA

32/39 24 May 2017 Pope Francis walks past Ivanka Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the occasion of the private audience with President Donald Trump, at the Vatican AP

33/39 24 May 2017 Pope Francis exchanges gifts with US President Donald Trump during a private audience at the Vatican Getty Images

34/39 24 May 2017 Pope Francis meets US President Donald Trump and his wife Melania during a private audience at the Vatican Reuters

35/39 24 May 2017 Pope Francis with US President Donald J. Trump EPA

36/39 24 May 2017 Pope Francis gets into is car after meeting with US President Donald Trump AP

37/39 24 May 2017 President Donald Trump and his wife Melania look at the frescoed ceilings during their visit to the Sistine Chapel at the Vatican L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP

38/39 24 May 2017 US President Donald Trump security vehicles are seen in front of Air Force One before take off from Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport in Rome, Italy Reuters

39/39 24 May 2017 US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump wave to reporters before boarding the Air Force One to Brussels, at the end of a 2-day visit to Italy including a meeting with Pope Francis at the Vatican, at Rome's Fiumicino international airport AP

“At first the ban was banned, but now the court has partially banned the ban ban, instituting a partial ban pending the possibility of a future partial ban ban,” quipped Oliver.

One result from the ruling, which was heavily protested around the United States, was that citizens with ‘a credible claim of a bonafide relationship with a person or entity’ within the country could stay.

Trump’s administration defined the ‘bonafide’ as including parents, spouses, children, adult son or daughters, sons and daughter-in-laws, and siblings, but not grandparents, aunts or uncles, nieces or nephews, cousins, or brothers or sister-in-laws.

“Grandparents don’t count as close family? Good luck telling them that,” said Oliver. After discussing how refugees promised a place in the United States, the host added: “This ban is cruel, it’s unnecessary, and it undermines our standing in the world.

“So you would think the President would at least be justifying its existence. Instead, he keeps derailing the conversation with his barrage of bullshit.”

Unfortunately, though, Trump managed to divert everyone’s attention away from the "travel ban" once more using his Twitter account. As you may know, the actual President of the United States, Leader of the Free World, posted the already-infamous Gif of himself body slamming someone with the CNN logo over their face.

Rather than play the Gif straight, though, Oliver played footage of one commentator on ABC reacting to the moving image.

“You know, at this point I have no choice but to admit that Trump was right: There is at least one grandparent who poses a grave and immediate threat to America,” Oliver said. “Unfortunately, it’s the grandparent currently in f**king charge of it.” Watch below.

Last month, Oliver called on Trump to “stop lying to coal miners” after extracting an interview from a 1990 Playboy magazine in which the President said “most people don’t have the imagination to leave their mine”.


~_~


Mr. McGurn has served as chief editorial writer for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He spent more than a decade overseas -- in Brussels for The Wall Street Journal/Europe and in Hong Kong with both the Asian Wall Street Journal and the Far Eastern Economic Review. And in the mid-1990s, he was Washington Bureau Chief for National Review.

Bill is author of a book on Hong Kong ("Perfidious Albion") and a monograph on terrorism ("Terrorist or Freedom Fighter"). He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, holds a BA in philosophy from Notre Dame and an MS in Communications from Boston University.


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.


~_~


The top U.S. diplomat at the United Nations blasted Russia and China on Wednesday for “holding the hands” of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, as the Trump administration struggled to respond to Pyongyang’s latest ballistic missile test.

U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley chided Moscow and Beijing over their opposition to a Security Council resolution condemning North Korea and imposing greater economic sanctions for what she called its “sharp military escalation.”

She also said Pyongyang was “quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution” and suggested the United States would continue to consider military action if necessary.

“One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces,” Haley said during a Security Council meeting in New York. “We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction.”

Haley’s pointed speech marked the latest effort by the Trump administration to rally allies and rivals around a common agenda to blunt North Korea’s progress, days after Kim’s regime tested an intercontinental ballistic missile with a range that experts said would put it within reach of Alaska.

North Korea’s Korean Central News Agency on Wednesday released this photo is says shows the successful test-fire of an intercontinental ballistic missile. (Korean Central News Agency via KNS/AFP/Getty Images)

But her remarks also illustrated the limits of the White House’s options and lacked specifics about what concrete steps the administration is considering. The missile test marks a new level of advancement in Kim’s pursuit of a nuclear weapon that could strike the continental United States. Analysts said a military confrontation could escalate quickly into a mass-casualty war across the Korean Peninsula and Japan, where the United States has stationed tens of thousands of troops.

The standoff cast a shadow as President Trump prepared for his first meeting with Russian President Vladi­mir Putin and his second with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the sidelines of the Group of 20 summit, which opens Friday in Hamburg. Trump also will meet with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the heads of U.S. allies Britain and Germany.

[Analysis: Trump has never had a plan for dealing with North Korea]

“We’ve been pretty consistent that we are never going to broadcast next steps,” deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters aboard Air Force One as the president traveled Wednesday to a short stop in Warsaw.

Before leaving Washington, Trump revealed more frustration with Xi, whom he has personally lobbied to enact sanctions on Chinese banks that do business with North Korean companies. The U.S. Treasury Department announced last week that it would block the Bank of Dandong, along the border region between China and North Korea, from accessing U.S. markets. Officials said this was the first of potentially greater sanctions by the United States.

On Twitter, Trump wrote: “Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us — but we had to give it a try!”

Chinese data released in April showed that China’s trade with North Korea grew 37.4 percent during the first three months of the year compared with the same period in 2016. China said then that overall trade grew even as it complied with U.N. sanctions and stopped buying North Korean coal.

South Korean army howitzers are shown Wednesday during military exercises in Paju, near the border with North Korea. (Ahn Young-Joon/AP)

Russian and Chinese diplomats used the U.N. Security Council meeting to push their joint proposal for a suspension of North Korean nuclear and missile testing in exchange for a suspension of U.S. and South Korean military exercises. Both countries also condemned the U.S. anti­missile system being deployed in South Korea and called for it to be removed.

Early Wednesday in Asia, U.S. and South Korean forces fired missiles in joint military exercises that the U.S. Pacific Command cast as a show of “ironclad” resolve.

[U.S. and China split on North Korea]

Daniel Pinkston, a lecturer in international relations at Troy University in Seoul, said he saw no chance that Washington and Seoul would agree to halt joint exercises, calling it “a non-

starter.”

During the U.N. meeting, a Russian official questioned whether North Korea’s missile was an ICBM, suggesting it was an intermediate-range weapon.

That prompted Haley to request a second turn at the microphone, during which she said: “If you see this as a threat, if you see this for what it is, which is North Korea showing its muscle, then you need to stand strong. . . . If you choose not to, we will go our own path.”

Danny Russel, who served as senior Asia director at the National Security Council under President Barack Obama, said Trump has a “rare blue moon” opportunity this week to meet with and rally the major players — China and Russia on one side and Japan and South Korea on the other — toward some sort of unified display of condemnation of North Korea.

“What the administration needs to do is get China and Russia around an approach, even if it is not as testosterone-rich and muscular as the U.S. would like, so that the basic geometry is five on one, not three on three,” said Russel, now a diplomat in residence at the Asia Society in New York. “There is no formula, no path forward, other than war, that isn’t built on some degree of common cause between Washington and Beijing.”

Victor Cha, who served as senior Asia director at the NSC under President George W. Bush, said the U.S. sanctions on the Dandong bank were “a shot across the bow at the Chinese that what is happening is not working for us. It arguably gives [Trump] a stronger position going in” to the meeting with Xi.

The missile the Kim regime launched had been in the works for years. It flew higher and remained in the air longer than previous attempts, in what experts called a milestone for North Korea

[U.N. Ambassador Haley’s complaint: ‘Spending my 4th in meetings’]

South Korean authorities described North Korea’s test as a two-stage missile with a range of about 4,300 to 5,000 miles — enough to reach Alaska and other parts of North America.

South Korean Defense Minister Han Min-koo said there is a high probability that Pyongyang will stage another nuclear test and noted gains in its efforts to miniaturize a warhead — steps toward developing nuclear-tipped weapons capable of hitting the mainland United States.

Pyongyang’s test appeared to catch the United States by surprise. The Pentagon initially mislabeled the activity as a test of an intermediate-range missile before reclassifying it Wednesday as an ICBM with a range of at least 5,500 kilometers.

Navy Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, said that the missile “is not one we have seen before” and that it was launched from a site — the Panghyon airfield about 90 miles north of Pyongyang — that has not been used to test missiles before.

He emphasized that North Korea still has a number of steps to meet before a threat to North America is imminent, noting that Pyongyang has not yet demonstrated the ability to mount a nuclear warhead on an ICBM or show the lateral range necessary.

“But clearly, they are working on it,” he said.

Rauhala reported from Beijing. Anne Gearan and Dan Lamothe in Washington contributed to this report.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


London’s Grenfell Tower fire victims aren’t furious just with local authorities for ignoring safety concerns raised before this month’s blaze killed at least 79 residents. They’re angry with journalists too.

As reporters covered the fire at the apartment block last week, some residents turned on Jon Snow of Channel Four News, the most senior of Britain’s news presenters, and accused journalists of being vultures attracted to death and tragedy. “You didn’t come here when people were telling you that the building was unsafe!” one man told Snow. “That is not newsworthy. You come here when people die. Why?”

The Grenfell residents are hardly alone in accusing the media of not serving their needs. It’s no secret that trust in the media has declined. But the latest Reuters Institute Digital News Report, published this week, provides sobering insights into how the digital revolution has disrupted the way we gather the information we believe we need to orient ourselves in the world, or in our neighborhood.

READ MORE: How to stop Kim Jong Un using his nukes

The report shows that trust in the media varies from country to country, from over 60 percent in the Scandinavian countries to the low 20s in Greece and South Korea.

In the United States, trust in the media has risen from 33 percent during last year’s election campaign to 38 percent this year.

That may be because, as the Reuters report notes, “concern about the spread of false news online” increased the perception of the value of professional journalism.

Most sobering is the report’s comment that “the economic outlook for most media companies remains extremely difficult.” That statement that doesn’t include the communications giants like Twitter, Facebook and Google, the latter two of which garner more than 80 percent of the advertising that used to go to traditional media.

But two issues are likely larger. One is what Janine Gibson, the chief editor of Buzzfeed UK, calls “representation without judgment.” Speaking at a seminar in London this week, Gibson said that the digital and social media world implicitly equates what news organizations spend time and money verifying, with “the guy in an attic” who puts out a piece of opinion masquerading as news, without having had to exercise his judgment on the veracity of his narrative.

READ MORE: Mosul’s fall won’t stop Islamic State spreading fear

The latter, said Gibson, “is of course much quicker than the news which checks, because checking takes time.” The result, too, can be duller. The more careful is the reporter, the more complex becomes the story. But the guy in the attic can be simple, dramatic – and attract the eyeballs.

At an extreme, the attic-writer is putting out “fake news” - a commodity popularized by President Trump, who seems to see all news which does not praise him as “fake.” Fake news may have won Trump the presidency. Even if not, his use of it gives credence to a tendency to distrust news we don’t like.

It’s also becoming clearer that measurements of “trust” in the news media don’t really measure trust in the news media. They measure pleasure gained from the media. The Digital News Report says that there exists “a strong connection between trust in the media and perceived political bias.” That is, people trust the reports which flatter and further their views.

This isn’t new: people have chosen publications which line up with their political choices throughout the history of news. But for most of that history, those who consumed journalism did so passively. There was no comeback, except through a letter to the editor (probably unpublished) or a cancelled subscription.

READ MORE: Macron shows his true colours

Now readers are empowered by technology, often aggressive in their distrust and disgust, to intervene in stories. James Harding, director of news at the BBC, speaking at the same event as Buzzfeed’s Gibson, said that “we at the BBC are very careful to make clear what we don’t know as well as what we know. But people now can fill the space of ’don’t know’ themselves”.

We still live in the first phase of a revolution, not just of journalism but also in the ways in which we seek and use information, and in what we place our trust. As printing disrupted the late medieval world, so the replacement of print by digits has disrupted the 21st century. It is presently calling into question the nature of truth, and the trust we can place in it.

Truth is hard to get right, especially at times of tragedies like that at Grenfell Tower. Finding and publishing it won’t always avoid anger directed at the messenger, but journalists need to show they are truth seekers rather than vultures feeding on tragedy.

That will give substance to journalism's necessary democratic role – and perhaps answer the “why” asked by the man who confronted Jon Snow.


~_~


The Epsom Derby, which takes place on Saturday, is the richest horse race in Britain and the most prestigious of the five so-called Classics.

It was first run in 1780 when the prize money was just over £1,000. Now, almost 250 years later, the purse is £1.5m.

So who's in the frame to win the race this year?

Few experts look beyond the top three in the betting: Cliffs of Moher, Cracksman and Eminent. But it's the latter, slightly longer priced at 7-1, which offers the best value.

"All three have plenty to recommend them," says Betfair, although the bookmaker adds that Cliffs of Moher and Cracksman "both have to improve to win". Eminent, meanwhile, "should be the same price" as his rivals.

Eminent also has a pretty good pedigree. Sporting Life's Catching Pigeons column believes he "can give the mighty Frankel his first win as a sire" on Saturday.

However, be warned: Cracksman is also a son of Frankel.

As for outsiders, Salouen at 66-1 could be an attractive option. He has "a much better chance of hitting the jackpot for Sylvester Kirk and Fran Berry in the premier Classic than his odds suggest," says Andy Stephens of Racing UK.

"His form ties in with many of the principals, he's got plenty of experience (which could count for more than untapped potential this year) and he will love the drying ground. Most significant of all, perhaps, is that everything about him suggests he will relish stepping up to 1m4f for the first time."

Oli Bell of Sporting Life agrees. "This is a horse who is rated in and around the best in the race. He's twice proven himself in Group 1 company and he's a horse who on pedigree will definitely enjoy the trip. And yet, despite all that, he's still a massive price in what is a very open renewal of the Derby," he argues.

If picking a winner is an inexact science, then identifying a no-hoper is rather easier. And 1,000-1 shot Diore Lia is just that says Marcus Armytage of the Daily Telegraph.

Her chances are similar to those of an ordinary mortal in the Olympic 100m final.

"It is in our British nature to want an underdog to do well and, as Foinavon's 50th anniversary in April and Leicester last year proved, the rags-to-riches outsider remains sport's greatest story," he says.

If you believe in miracles there's another horse to consider.

"If you must throw away a fiver each-way on the Derby, waste it instead on John Gosden's Pealer at 200-1.

"It has no earthly chance on form and, if I tipped it on the racing page, the men in white coats would take me away. But, in my eyes, he could have beaten Cracksman in an Epsom gallop last week. Stranger things have happened but, I am afraid, Diore Lia is not about to be one of them."

Epsom rebrands free-to-watch area Poundland Hill for Derby

11 May

Horse racing may be known as the sport of kings, but Epsom appears to have embraced a different social strata, teaming up with discount retailer Poundland for this year's Derby.

Under the deal, between main sponsors Investec and Steinhoff International, which owns the budget brand, the famous free-to-enter field at the centre of the racecourse will be renamed Poundland Hill for the race next month.

"The large area of land, which is located at the centre of the famous Epsom Downs racecourse, is free to enter for pedestrians with a small fee for coaches or buses carrying racegoers," says the Daily Telegraph.

However, "the decision to rebrand the iconic mound has attracted some ridicule on social media".

Just imagining the meeting where a bunch of posh dudes decided it was a good idea to call the free entry bit of Epsom the 'Poundland Hill' — Tom Kerr (@ThomasKerrRP) May 11, 2017

Just imagining the meeting where a bunch of posh dudes decided it was a good idea to call the free entry bit of Epsom the 'Poundland Hill' — Tom Kerr (@ThomasKerrRP) May 11, 2017

And they're down past Poundland Hill, coming around Cash Converters Corner and now face Webuyanycar turn %uD83D%uDE02 — Jamie (@leedslad80) May 11, 2017

Based on all the misbehaving oiks there last year, poundland hill is an extremely apt name — David Monahan (@MonahanDavid) May 11, 2017

With Epsom having Poundland Hill, with ambulance staff be sponsored and known as Pound Stretchers? — Chris Cooper (@ChrisCoopsSport) May 11, 2017

Based on all the misbehaving oiks there last year, poundland hill is an extremely apt name — David Monahan (@MonahanDavid) May 11, 2017

With Epsom having Poundland Hill, with ambulance staff be sponsored and known as Pound Stretchers? — Chris Cooper (@ChrisCoopsSport) May 11, 2017

Poundland trading director Barry Williams brushed off the criticism. He said: "All of Britain loves the Derby and, as the people's store, we’re looking forward to helping make the people's hill at Epsom one of the best ways for the family to experience the Derby."

Not everyone was convinced and the move has angered some.

"At first, just laughter at what reads like an April Fool's Day joke; laughter that anyone could be so crass as to name a free-viewing area at the Flat's greatest race after a high-street firm synonymous with bargain-basement deals. But that laughter turns quickly to incredulity," says the Racing Post.

"For most of us, a summer's day at the races with friends and family is about dressing up, letting the hair down and leaving behind the cares and strains of day-to-day life, not having them rubbed in your face by the condescending branding of oblivious corporate suits.

"Anyone on Poundland Hill next month will not just be reminded of the fact that they have taken the budget option to Derby day, they will know that it was those in top hats and tails sipping champagne in plush boxes across the racecourse who thought this was an appropriate rebranding exercise."


~_~


Japan is renowned for its cherry blossom - beautiful blooms that surge forth and cloak the trees in an exquisite marshmallow pink come spring.

Cherry blossom season is a huge tourist draw, and it gets underway as early as mid-January in some parts, running until early May. The exact dates are meticulously calculated each year by experts, who forecast when and where the cherry blossom, known as sakura, will arrive.

The season broadly moves south to north; for example, Okinawa Island to the south of the mainland gets blossom in full bloom around mid-February, while Sapporo to the north expects sakura to blossom in early May.

This year, travel photographer Kristina Makeeva took a trip to Japan during the cherry blossom season – and captured some of the most beautiful pictures ever taken of the spectacle.

You do not have access to view this Atom.

Makeeva, 29, hails from Moscow but has travelled the globe in search of the best shots. Her images of Japan are among her most stunning – one image she took of a field swathed in blue flowers with a girl walking through holding a parasol garnered over 23,000 likes when she posted it to Instagram.

Makeeva’s beautiful imagery has earned her quite a following – to date she has more than 225,000 followers on the image-sharing social media platform.

“I started shooting about 14 years ago,” she tells The Independent. “Once I picked up a camera, I couldn’t put it down again.”

Makeeva's photos capture Japan in all its beauty ( Kristina Makeeva )

She travelled to Japan in early April. “That’s the best time to see the cherry blossom,” says Makeeva. Taking in Nara, Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo, Himeji and Kanazawa on a whirlwind trip, she says that she found the sakura wherever she went. Although it’s tempting to put down the lushness of her pictures to filters and PhotoShop, Makeeva insists her inspirational subject was to thank for the end result. “Sakura in reality is more beautiful than in pictures,” she says.

Makeeva adds: “I’ve dreamed of going to Japan for so long. My favourite moment was seeing the cherry blossom floating down a river – it was just magical.”

If you’ve been inspired to catch Japan’s cherry blossom season, you may have missed the blooms this year, but it’s never too early to start planning your next trip.

When and where to see sakura at its best:

Kristina was captivated by Japan ( Kristina Makeeva )

Okinawa: Second week of February

​Kagoshima: Mid April (9 to 17 April)

Nagasaki: Early April (4 to 11 April)

​Fukouka: Early April (2 to 10 April)

​Matsuyama: Early April (3 to 11 April)

Hiroshima: Early April (5 to 13 April)

Kyoto: Early April (7 to 16 April)

Osaka: Early April (7 to 15 April)

​Shizuoka: Early April (2 to 10 April)

Nagoya: Early April (5 to 13 April)

Yokohama: Early April (2 to 10 April)

​Kanazawa: Mid April (9 to 17 April)

Tokyo: Late March (30 March to 7 April)

​Nara: Early April (8 to 16 April)

​Matsumoto: Mid April (13 to 21 April)

​Niigata: Mid April (17 to 23 April)

​Nagano: Mid April (21 to 28 April)

​Takayama: Mid April (20 to 28 April)

Fuji Five Lake Areas: Mid April (19 to 27 April)

Fukushima: Mid April (12 to 20 April)

​Sendai: Mid April (13 to 21 April)

​Aomori: Late April (28 April to 6 May)

​Akita: Late April (27 April to 6 May)

​Iwate: Late April (23 to 30 April)

​Matsumae: Early May (3 to 10 May)

​Hakodate: Early May (3 to 10 May)

Sapporo: Early May (3 to 10 May)

Click here for the best Japanese hotels and resorts


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Sorry about this!

The page you're looking for can't be found.

The link you clicked, or the URL you typed into your browser, didn't work for some reason. Here are some possible reasons why:

We have a "bad" link that has been moved or removed. You may have typed the address incorrectly. We have a problem with the server.

Please try the following options:


~_~





~_~


Baron Corbin was left standing tall as Mr Money in the Bank after triumphing in a classic ladder match at the WWE pay per view in St Louis.

Five of Smackdown Live's very best put on a clinic in the night's main event but it was the Lone Wolf who emerged victorious, earning himself a WWE Championship match.

For now the WWE Champion is still Jinder Mahal after he retained his title earlier in the night against Randy Orton. Mahal dominated much of the match and picked up another big win over the hometown hero after Orton had again become distracted by The Singh Brothers, Mahal's entourage.

Elsewhere, The Usos robbed The New Day of what looked to be a certain tag team title win as they escaped from the ring mid-match with their championships just as the popular group looked to have wrapped things up. New Day claimed the win via count-out, meaning we are almost certain to see these two teams do battle again.

Naomi was another champ to retain on the night as she downed Lana - the Russian challenger still impressive in her efforts. A bonus match was added during the night as Brezango defeated The Ascension after it was revealed the towering duo were behind the recent attack on Tyler Breeze.

After such a huge build-up, a solid women's MITB ladder match was well worth a watch but was ultimately let down by a cheap finish that saw, with help of James Elsworth, Carmella declared the victor despite not actually retrieving the coveted briefcase herself.

Returning Smackdown General Manager Daniel Bryan threatened to get to the bottom of the controversy on this week's television, but these pioneering women deserved a clear and decisive finale to such a landmark match.

Money in the Bank results:

Baron Corbin won men's Money in the Bank

Carmella won women's Money in the Bank

Jinder Mahal d. Randy Orton

Naomi d. Lana

The New Day d. The Usos by count out

Brezango d. The Ascension


~_~


A word the Oxford dictionary dislikes, plus the best of the rest of the recent cryptic clues

The news in clues

Bravo to Claymore (known elsewhere as eXternal) in the National for this ingenious cluing …

1ac Sturgeon’s party welcoming a Con elite running early vote (4,7)

[ abbrev. for Sturgeon’s party, containing (‘welcoming’) A (‘a’), then

anagram (‘running’) of CONELITE ]

[ SNP containing A, then anagram of CONELITE ]

… of SNAP ELECTION, counterpointed by Hectence’s evocation …

13ac Demand English vote on legislation (5)

[ abbrev. for ‘English’ + symbol used to cast vote, then (‘on’) synonym for ‘legislation’ ]

[ E + X + ACT ]

… for EXACT in the quiptic, the Guardian’s stepping stone for those wanting to cross from the quick to the cryptic braes.

Cluing coincidence

On the same day last week, Vigo in the Independent asked for …

14ac Old Major’s decoration embroidered initially onto uniform in a range of colours (9)

[ first letter (‘initially’) of EMBROIDERED, then (‘onto’) letter represented by ‘uniform’ contained by (‘in’) word describing ‘a range of colours’ ]

[ E, then U inside PALETTE ]

… one EPAULETTE, just as an anonymous Times setter …

13ac Clothing ornament English landlord briefly keeps in French city? (9)

[ abbrev. for ‘English’ and synonym for ‘landlord’ missing its last letter (‘briefly’), both containing (‘keeps in’) the capital of Pyrénées-Atlantiques ]

[ E + LETTER minus its R, both containing PAU ]

… was demanding the other. Well, they are supposed to come in pairs, even for Nelson.

EPAULETTE is one of those rare words for which the Oxford English Dictionary expresses an opinion; in this case, preferring an anglicised version (EPAULET), though in the weary knowledge that the appropriately frillier spelling is not going anywhere.

Likewise, Oxford prefers AY to AYE, dɪˈmeɪn to dɪˈmiːn when it comes to pronouncing DEMESNE … and the subject of our next challenge to BANG. I sympathise, if only for the idiosyncratic reason that BANG means plenty already. So, reader: how would you clue BHANG? And do you agree on EPAULET and AY?

Cluing competition

Thank you for your clues for JAPE. I enjoyed all the little depictions of pranks and wheezes, from Harlobarlo’s “First person from France to traverse Alps? Oddly, it’s a hoax” to JollySwagman’s “Knave’s activity on April 1”. Lizard tickled my topical bone with “Juncker audaciously pooh-poohs English – first of those to mock”, while Alberyalbery, perhaps or perhaps not knowing my culinary predilections, was equally topical in “Mock Jersey asparagus provides excellent starters”.

The runners-up are terse DameSweeneyEggblast’s “Juliet, copy Josh” and Catarella’s sadly plausible “Lark Ascending recording with banjo? Oddly non-existent”; the winner is ID2155366’s strangely ominous “Fun and games following Bonn Agreement”.

Kludos to our regrettably anonymous winner; please leave this fortnight’s entries and your pick of the broadsheet cryptics below.

Clue of the fortnight

Don’t let the salacious imagery of Micawber’s Telegraph Toughie clue …

1ac After wine, Margaret’s one often found pinning a guy down (4,3)

[ a Spanish wine, followed by (‘after’) abbrev. for ‘Margaret’ ]



… for TENT PEG distract you from the innocent ingenuity of the definition. And if you have any more thoughts on the great WHITE KNIGHT debate, please share them below before we return to the topic.


~_~


SHOWS: VARIOUS, GERMANY (FILE) (O'NEILL HANDOUT - ACCESS ALL) 1. DRONE SHOT OF CARRO DJUPSJO WAKEBOARDING IN A ROYAL POOL AT ALBRECHTSBERG CASTLE IN DRESDEN 2. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF DJUPSJO WAKEBOARDING 3. VARIOUS OF GUENTHER OKA DOING SWEEPING TURNS IN A CASTLE COURTYARD GARDEN 4. VARIOUS OF NICO VON LERCHENFELD ON THE ELBE RIVER IN FRONT OF ALBRECHTSBERG CASTLE 5. OKA SLIDING A CONCRETE BLOCK NEAR LEIPZIG 6. VARIOUS OF STEFFEN VOLLERT SLIDING A CREEPER LEDGE AT A SPOT IN BERLIN 7. VOLLERT CRUISING BETWEEN TREE STUMPS IN A BODY OF WATER IN THE MIDDLE OF A FOREST 8. SLOW-MOTION OF VOLLERT CRUISING BETWEEN TREE STUMPS / BIRD FLYING INTO FRAME 9. BIRD FLYING 10. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF DYLAN MILLER BEING PULLED INTO A LEDGE 11. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF MILLER SLIDING THE LEDGE 12. (MUTE) SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF MILLER DOING A WALLRIDE ON A RAIL 13. MILLER DOING THE WALLRIDE FROM A DIFFERENT ANGLE 14. MILLER CRASHING WHEN ATTEMPTING TO SLIDE THE FOUNDATION WALL OF A HOUSE UNDER CONSTRUCTION IN HAMBURG 15. (MUTE) SLOW-MOTION OF MILLER CRASHING 16. MILLER SUCCESSFULLY SLIDING THE FOUNDATION WALL OF A HOUSE UNDER CONSTRUCTION STORY: For two weeks in May six of the best international cable wakeboarders went on a trip around Germany finding some unconventional spots to show off their skills. Nico von Lerchenfeld of Germany was the star name and he went from Albrechtsberg Castle in Dresden to some little-known canals in Berlin and Leipzig. Von Lerchenfeld was joined by compatriot Steffen Vollert, Sweden's Carro Djupsjo, Guenther Oka of the USA, Briton Joe Battleday and Dylan Miller of Canada on the 2000-kilometre journey around Germany.


~_~


Former British PM says ministers calling for public sector pay cap to be lifted wanted to spend money they might need in future

David Cameron has described critics of austerity as “selfish”, saying their calls to boost spending and raise public sector pay may appear compassionate but would simply saddle future generations with debt.

The comments triggered a furious response from Labour and the Lib Dems, who described the former prime minister as totally out of touch, claiming it was astonishing he could make the argument when nurses were turning to food banks to get by.

Cameron’s remarks could also reopen the wounds of the EU referendum as they were widely interpreted as an attack on the two most significant Vote Leave figures, Boris Johnson and Michael Gove.

The foreign secretary and environment secretary, whose successful Brexit campaign cost Cameron his political career, have both broken ranks in recent days to hint that the 1% public sector pay cap should be lifted.

Their comments, alongside cabinet level interventions by Justine Greening at education and Jeremy Hunt at health, have ramped up the pressure on Theresa May and the chancellor, Philip Hammond.

The pair have faced demands from dozens of MPs to ease the pain for families by raising pay and blocking school cuts after Jeremy Corbyn’s radical, anti-austerity Labour party stance secured gains in the general election.

Many feel action is urgent after a government-commissioned report suggested the average pay of teachers had fallen by £3 an hour in real terms, police officers by £2, while the wages of nurses have stagnated.

But Cameron used a speech in Seoul, South Korea, to come to his successor’s defence by saying it was too soon “to let spending and borrowing rip” because of the danger of future economic shocks.

“The opponents of so-called austerity couch their arguments in a way that make them sound generous and compassionate,” he told the Asia Leadership Conference. “They seek to paint the supporters of sound finances as selfish, or uncaring. The exact reverse is true.

“Giving up on sound finances isn’t being generous, it’s being selfish: spending money today that you may need tomorrow.”

The Guardian view on public sector pay: Hammond stares into the abyss | Editorial Read more

His comments led to an angry response from opposition politicians who lined up to say that Cameron had no idea how much people were struggling – and suggested it was crass to use a well-paid speech to make the argument.

The shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, accused the senior Conservative figure of living “in a different world from the rest of us”.

“Only David Cameron would say that hard-working people seeing their living standards fall back and their pay suppressed is good for them. It just further shows how out of touch he was then, and still remains today.”

The Lib Dem leader, Tim Farron, described it as a “pretty rich for a multimillionaire to tell our hard-working firefighters, paramedics, nurses and doctors that they don’t deserve a pay rise”.

“But I guess you would think that if you are jetsetting around the world to give highly paid speeches – you don’t really understand how millions of public sector workers have to scrimp each month to get by,” he added, giving examples of nurses visiting foodbanks and asking how Cameron considered them to be “paid enough”.

A spokesman would not say how much the former Tory leader had received for the speaking engagement, but confirmed that he was paid.

The shadow Treasury minister, Jonathan Reynolds, said Cameron was “completely out of touch and has no awareness of the country he used to lead”.

But Cameron is not the only one to urge calm within the Tory party after a public spat at the top of government over the issue of public sector pay.

Sources said that the chief whip, Gavin Williamson, had been speaking to colleagues about the need for “unity and discipline” with a number of one-on-one meetings with cabinet ministers.

The former work and pensions secretary, Stephen Crabb, suggested it was wrong for such senior figures to speak out so publicly against government policy.



Nigel Lawson, a former chancellor under Margaret Thatcher, said it was Hammond’s job to keep control of public spending to avoid “economic disaster”.

“It’s not easy but it is necessary,” he told the BBC. “People understand we need to pay our way on the road to economic success.” He argued that the arguments needed to happen in private. “Stop having this debate in public, it’s ludicrous.”

Hammond also tried to defuse the row by calling on his party to “hold its nerve”, claiming that the only way to free up spending was higher taxes, more borrowing or stronger growth.

Like Cameron, the chancellor has argued that borrowing piles debt on to the next generation and has insisted the Tories are a party of low tax.

Martin Rowson on the Conservatives and public sector pay – cartoon Read more

He has said growth was the only sustainable way to boost public spending in the long run, although sources suggest he is ready to talk about ways to raise money to loosen the ties of austerity over the coming months.

One senior Treasury figure said despite that, things would continue to be financially constrained in the run-up to Brexit.

Rises of 1% for dentists, nurses, doctors and the military have already been agreed for this year, and Downing Street said ministers would respond to other pay review recommendations within days. Teachers, police and prison officers are next in line.

It came alongside a call from civil servants to ensure that any lifting of salaries also included them.

Dave Penman, the general secretary of the FDA union that represents senior managers and professionals in public service said his members would welcome “warm words from a number of cabinet ministers over lifting the public sector pay cap.

“But warm words won’t pay the bills. The majority of civil servants are not covered by pay review bodies and so those very same ministers have it within their control to lift the pay cap for civil servants in their department.

“We have today written to those ministers, calling on them to follow up their words with action. If they believe the pay cap should be lifted, then they can begin with the civil servants in their departments who support them as ministers and deliver vital public services.”


~_~


Why go now?

There’s a compelling reason for visiting in 2017. Every rupee spent in hotels and restaurants, shops, taxis or temples is helping Kathmandu get back on its feet. Nearly two years after the earthquake that devastated swathes of Nepal and severely damaged the capital, Kathmandu is bouncing back to its alluring self with astonishing verve. Rebuilding and restoration is proceeding apace while tourists are returning to bathe in the Himalayan city’s sensory overload: temples and squares, prayer flags and sputtering scooters, merchants yelling behind marigold-garlanded stalls amid wafts of incense, spices and holy cow dung.

Get your bearings

The old city, known as Durbar Square, lies at the centre of Kathmandu. To its north, frenetic Thamel is a maze of hotels, restaurants, trekking agencies and shops. To the south, the Bagmati River borders peaceful Patan district with its own Durbar Square and expatriate communities. Beyond the former Royal Palace to the east are the smarter shopping centres and embassies.

Local tempos (minibuses) and buses are best avoided – they’re crowded, slow and not the safest. However, taxis are cheap and plentiful and rickshaws can be a useful way of travelling short distances.

Day one

Take a view

Puff your way up the 400-step stone staircase to the Buddhist stupa of Swayambhunath (1), known as “Monkey Temple” on account of the hundreds of “holy” monkeys who will be your chattering, food-begging companions. If the day is clear, the whole of Kathmandu valley unfurls at your feet. You will see from here how localised the earthquake damage was; isolated pockets have collapsed like cards while large areas remained more or less unscathed.

Take a view from the Swayambhunath temple, but watch out for the monkeys (Getty)

Take a hike

Nowhere is the localised nature of the earthquake damage more apparent that in the area known as Durbar Square, a riot of ancient palaces, temples and royal monuments which comprise the UNESCO-listed historic heart of Kathmandu.

Start at the northern Thamel end check post (2) where tourists pay an entrance fee of 1000Rs (about £7.70) for free run of the whole area. Join throngs of pilgrims at Shiva-dedicated Mahendreshwar Mandir (3) with its chiming bells and flickering candles. Follow the flow down to Jagannath Mandir (4), a Hindu temple which attracts gawping fascination on account of its athletic and imaginative erotic carvings which seem to suggest that the earth has always moved in these parts.

If it’s between 10am and noon, keep an eye out – the Kumari Devi, or living ‘child-goddess’ might put in an appearance at her window above the courtyard of her magnificently carved sacred home, the Kumari Dar (5). However, now that you are down at the south end of the historic region, the heartrending extent of the earthquake damage becomes unavoidable. Cordoned off for safety is the red brick old Royal Palace, (6) whose walls are now cracked, while the adjacent Basantapur Tower (7) somehow remains precariously erect. Exit via “Freak Street” (official name Jochne) (8), the legendary 1960s hippy hangout (though its glory days are now over).

If you're lucky, you may catch a glimpse of the Kumari Devi, or living child goddess (Getty)

Lunch on the run

Climb six flights of stairs to the rooftop Kasthamandap Café (9) at 23 Maru (00 977 1 6219177, no website) for an open-air coffee, a snack under a sun umbrella and commanding views over Durbar Square.

Window shopping

The Thamel district, north of Durbar Square, survived the earthquake more or less intact and remains the backpacker hub (a successor to Freak Street). It’s a carnival of noisy alleys and tiny squares, packed with hundreds of trekking agencies and shops hawking everything from tourist tat to genuine Tibetan antiques. One good bet for quality thanka paintings and woven rugs, is Amrita Craft (10) on Chhetrapait.

You'll find colourful handicrafts galore at Amrita Craft (Amrita Craft/Facebook)

An aperitif

Owner Prakash will probably be around to welcome you in person to Zibro (11) on Chaksibari Marg (00 977 984 1059449, no website), his laid-back rooftop bar where young Nepalis shoot the breeze with holidaying Indians and European travellers. The music is one multi-cultural message too, with songs from little known local bands playing Nepali folk-rock fusion in the background. It’s a great place to make new friends over a glass of local craft beer Khumbu Kolsch.

Dine with the locals

At Bhojan Griha (12), on Dilli Bazaar in the eastern district of Kathmandu, traditional “Newari” dishes are served to guests in a 19th-century mansion, restored with painstaking attention to detail. Dishes include buffalo meat or vegetable-filled momo dumplings, and duck with peanuts and spiced lentils. The restaurant says that all produce is organic and no plastic is used. Mains around £6-8.

You'll get entertainment with your food at Bhojan Griha (Bhojan Griha)

Day two

Get up early for a dawn flight to see the Himalayas in a prop plane (more robust than this one) (AFP/Getty Images)

Take a ride

For the ride of your life, board a small propeller plane for a dawn “Mountain Flight” along the crest of the Himalayas. You’ll pass up close and personal many of the world’s highest peaks, including Mount Everest. Flights are in the early mornings when conditions are generally clearest, but good views are weather-dependent and weather-related cancellations are frequent. An hour-long flight with Buddha Air costs US$192 (£158).

Sunday morning: out to brunch

La Dolce Vita (13), at Chaksibhari Marg (00 977 1 4700612, no website), doesn’t have the best coffee in Kathmandu, but what it lacks in a caffeine fix it makes up for with delicious Italian pastries, pasta and gnocchi, sprinkled with grated yak’s cheese. Sit on the sunny terrace watching the street dramas of chaotic Thamel below. Open from 11am, meals around £8-10.

Thamel is the backpacker hub, though it has nothing on 'Freak Street' (Shoestring at wts/Wikivoyage via Wikimedia Commons)

A walk in the park

It says a lot that Swapna Bagaicha (14) on Kaiser Mahal, Tridevi Marg, is also known as the Garden of Dreams. A botanical park and serene retreat from the frenetic city, it’s just a few minutes’ walk from central Thamel. Sadly, the park took a hard hit in the earthquake, damaging some of the neo-classical pavilions, statues, ponds and fountains. Nevertheless, the plants are still lovingly tended and the 200R (£1.50) entrance fee is being put to good restorative use.

Cultural afternoon

The historic Buddhist city of Patan – effectively a suburb of Kathmandu – is a 20-minute taxi ride across the tea-coloured Bagmati River. Patan is a repository of temples, palaces and stupas strewn around its own Durbar Square. Sadly, several of these took hits in the earthquake. The façade of the Kwa Bahal (15), also known as the Golden Temple, is one almost untouched highlight; the four giant, prayer flag-festooned Ashoka Stupas (16) are another. And then there’s the fact it’s guarded by scores of “holy tortoises”.

A Seeing Hands massage from a blind therapist isn't just great for your body; you're helping a worthy cause, too (Seeing Hands)

The icing on the cake

Treat yourself to a massage by a Seeing Hands blind masseur whose fingers are attuned to muscle and tissue in ways that the sighted will never match. At the same time, support this commendable organisation which provides employment and independence for Nepal’s blind men and women. A range of therapies are offered in a clinical setting, in its premises off Jyatha Road, Thamel (17).

Travel essentials

Getting there

Qatar Airways flies to Kathmandu via Doha from Heathrow, Manchester, Birmingham and Edinburgh, from £685 return. Other options include Etihad via Abu Dhabi and Jet Airways via Delhi or Mumbai.

Staying there

Hotel Shangri-La (18) is, as the name suggests, as swanky as Kathmandu gets. It’s an inviting, low-rise modern hotel with traditional flourishes in a lush garden with cool pool. Doubles from £105, B&B.

Something of a Thamel institution – everyone from Jeremy Irons to Ricky Martin have stayed here – the Kathmandu Guest House (19) is a bit rough round the edges these days, but still a good mid-range choice – it’s located in a former palace. Doubles from £65, B&B.

On a budget? Hotel Horizon (20) is a gem tucked away in an alley near the north end of Durbar Square. Breakfast on sequinned cushions in the courtyard is a treat. Doubles from £24, B&B.


~_~


When Joe Root leads England against South Africa at Lord’s tomorrow it will have been 144 days since he was appointed Test captain.

The staging of the Champions Trophy has meant a rather belated start to the Test summer this year but this four-match series against opponents who have not lost in England since 1998 promises much for Root, his team and cricket lovers everywhere.

“I’m very excited,” he said. “It has been a very long wait for this week to finally come around and to get the squad together has been fantastic. I just want to get out there.”

England have not played a Test since their 4-0 hammering in India last winter – a gap of more than six months.

It was a result that saw Alastair Cook resign as captain after four years in the job.

Root’s appointment offers a fresh start for a team who lost eight Tests in 2016.

He certainly cut a confident figure at Lord’s today as he announced England’s XI almost a full 24 hours before the toss.

Root confirmed Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson, who made his debut in England’s previous Test in Chennai last December, will play ahead of Toby Roland-Jones, the Middlesex seamer.

Root offers the chance for a fresh England start (Getty)

The Yorkshireman branded the team “exciting”.

But the inclusion of the utilitarian Dawson and a recall for Gary Ballance takes the edge of that notion somewhat.

This is very much Root’s team, with the pick of his Yorkshire team-mate Ballance almost entirely at the captain’s behest.

Ballance endured a torrid winter, scoring 24 runs in two Tests against Bangladesh before he was dragged around India like an unwanted mascot.

Ballance has been handed another chance with England thanks to Root (Getty)

However, after averaging more than 100 for Yorkshire in the County Championship this season, the Zimbabwean-born batsman has a third – and surely final – chance to show he can cut it at Test level.

Asked if this was his squad, Root said: “Yes. We had a selection meeting and I am very happy with the squad we came away with.

“In terms of Gary I look at how he has performed this year and the amount of runs he has scored - he has been phenomenal. When he has scored them has generally been when the side has been up against it.

“He is that sort of character and a lot of people asked questions about the last time he played for England but I look at his game now, as do the other selectors, and he is a completely different player. He is desperate to prove a point and score some runs in this series.”

England during a training session ahead of the first Test (Getty)

Playing Ballance at No3 looks like one of the riskiest batting selection calls by England since Ravi Bopara was used in that position against Australia in the 2009 home Ashes.

Yet it is Root’s insistence that he wants to bat at four that has led to it.

“I have had a long time to think about a few things and that is the decision I have made,” he said. “I think it is where I play my best cricket and where I have scored my best runs.”

Improving England’s Test form after a poor 2016 will be imperative for Root ahead of this winter’s Ashes in Australia.

“I wouldn’t have taken the job if I didn’t think I was capable of taking the side forward,” he said. “We had a tough year last year in Test cricket but I think the squad is very settled, has learned a lot from that and is ready to put that right this year.”

Root has faith in his new-look team (Getty)

Root will be helped in his new role by Ben Stokes, his combative vice-captain and the team’s heartbeat. “He’s always been a bit of an attack dog,” said Root. “I see him as a feisty character who is desperate to do well and naturally he’s very good at setting the tone and setting the example.

“People look up to him, naturally, by the way he goes about his cricket. Hopefully we’ll get a good blend together as captain and vice-captain. That excites me.”

South Africa are unbeaten in Lord’s Tests since their readmission to world sport in 1991 and despite missing captain Faf Du Plessis, not yet returned from the birth of his first child back home, they will pose a significant threat.

Debutant opener Heino Kuhn and Theunis De Bruyn will be the perceived weak links in the batting line-up. But opener Dean Elgar, who will stand in as captain for Du Plessis, believes now is a good time to play England.

“I see it as a good opportunity for us to try make a dent,” he said. “They have their own insecurities within their team. They’re under new leadership, have a few new faces in their batting line-up, a few injury concerns.”

The tourists also possess the most exciting young fast bowler in the world in Kagiso Rabada, who took 13 wickets in his last Test against England at Centurion in January 2016.

“I’m glad he’s in my team,” said Elgar. “I’m sure he’ll be up for it. He hasn’t played a lot of cricket of late so I’m sure his hunger is through the roof.”

Teams

England: Alastair Cook, Keaton Jennings, Gary Ballance, Joe Root (captain), Jonny Bairstow (wicketkeeper), Ben Stokes, Moeen Ali, Liam Dawson, Stuart Broad, James Anderson, Mark Wood.

South Africa (probable): Dean Elgar (captain), Heino Kuhn, Hashim Amla, JP Duminy, Temba Bavuma, Theunis De Bruyn, Quinton De Kock (wicketkeeper), Morne Morkel, Kagiso Rabada, Keshav Maharaj


~_~





~_~


Sir Vince Cable calls deal between British electronic payment company and US rival ‘cheap pickings’ after Brexit-vote devaluation of pound

Worldpay, which handles 40% of all card payments at tills in Britain, has agreed to a £7.7bn potential takeover by US rival in a move that has rekindled the debate about foreign takeovers.

The cash-and-shares offer makes Worldpay the latest British company to be snapped up by a foreign buyer after the Brexit vote, which triggered a sharp fall in the value of the pound.

Cambridge-based Arm Holdings was bought by Japan’s SoftBank for £24bn last July, and other deals include the engineering group WS Atkins, which was bought by Canada’s SNC-Lavalin for £2.1bn in April.

The Worldpay deal was announced after intense talks through Tuesday night following its admission that it had been approached by Vantiv and JP Morgan Chase, driving its shares up 28%.

On Wednesday, after Worldpay said it had agreed terms about a “possible offer” with Vantiv, JP Morgan pulled out and Worldpay’s shares ended 8% lower at 372p – the biggest fallers in the FTSE 100.

Sir Vince Cable, running to be leader of the Liberal Democrats and former business secretary, tweeted: “Another top British company #Worldpay at risk following #Arm. Cheap pickings after #Brexit vote devaluation. Need reform #TAKEOVER rule.”



Vince Cable (@vincecable) Another top British company #Worldpay at risk following #Arm. Cheap pickings after #Brexit vote devaluation. Need reform #TAKEOVER rules.

“From a British perspective, it’s a shame to see another ground-breaking UK tech company selling out to overseas competition, perhaps before reaching full potential on its own,” said Jasper Lawler, head of research at financial firm London Capital Group.

The payments sector is experiencing a period of rapid growth, as more people shift from cash to paying by card and online, which is sparking takeovers. Over the weekend, Nets, the Danish payments services company, said it had been approached by potential suitors.

The rise of contactless cards has further accelerated the trend, becoming a popular payment method for lower-value transactions that were traditionally dominated by cash. Figures from the British Retail Consortium show that cash was used for less than half of all UK retail transactions for the first time in 2015.

Worldpay has been listed on the stock market since 2015 and if the deal goes ahead, its shares will be delisted and the combined group will continue with Vantiv’s listing in New York. Worldpay shareholders would own about 41% of the new group.

The value of the deal varies with Vantiv’s share price but when it was announced it valued Worldpay shares at 385p each, including a 5p dividend. This is a 19% premium on their value on Monday, the day before the British company confirmed the approaches.

The premium is lower than that offered in recent deals, such as the 40% offered for Arm. “It looks like it’s smaller than the market was expecting,” said Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown.

Details of the cost savings that might be achieved were not announced, but Worldpay said: “The boards of Worldpay and Vantiv see a compelling strategic, commercial and financial rationale for combining Worldpay and Vantiv’s complementary businesses.

“The potential merger creates a scale world-class payments group in a dynamic market … It will serve a wide range of customers, with a strong position in the four core regions of the US, Europe, Asia-Pacific and South America.”

Worldpay shareholders should decline its meek merger deal Read more

It is thought Worldpay and Vantiv could operate from dual headquarters in London and Cincinnati, where the companies are respectively based. While there is little overlap between the two businesses in Britain and Europe, there is a greater crossover in the US.



“The boards of Worldpay and Vantiv have identified substantial opportunities for cost synergies, which support significant potential shareholder value creation,” Worldpay said.

It was unclear on Wednesday whether a deal would result in job losses at the combined group, or how it might affect Worldpay’s various British offices. The company has 5,000 staff in London, Manchester, Cambridge and Gateshead.

Vantiv will dominate the board with seven members, including Charles Drucker as executive chairman and co-chief executive. Four Worldpay directors will join the board of the new group, including Philip Jansen as co-chief executive and Sir Michael Rake, BT chairman and former Barclays deputy chairman, in a non-executive role.

Launched in 1989, Worldpay provides the technology that allows retailers and other business to accept card payments and online or mobile transactions. It was previously owned by Royal Bank of Scotland, which sold the business in 2010 to private equity firms Advent and Bain Capital as part of the terms of the bank’s 2008 taxpayer bailout.


~_~


What Las Vegas giveth, Las Vegas taketh away. Eighteen years after the Bellagio opened and redefined luxury in Sin City, rumours are afoot that the resort plans to ditch its most famous feature – the dancing fountains.

The fountains – which cost $40 million to build and contain 22 million gallons of water – are one of the top attractions in Vegas. Set in “Lake Bellagio”, facing onto the infamous Strip, they “dance” with choreographed movements every half hour to tracks such as Viva Las Vegas, Luck Be a Lady, and My Heart Will Go On, as well as more modern tracks from the likes of Tiesto. Some casino high rollers are allowed to pick a song from the playlist – though that honour is reserved for few big spenders.

But a report in the Las Vegas Review Journal claims that executives at MGM Resorts, which owns the Bellagio, have discussed plans to turn the 8.5-acre site into a “boutique shopping and restaurant promenade.”

“It’s incredibly valuable real estate that earns the hotel nothing,” a source told the newspaper. “It has had a long run as a tourist attraction, but now it’s time to make it a revenue earner.”

The fountains are known as being a rare free attraction in a city that encourages spending at every opportunity. However, the restaurants on Lake Bellagio command premium pricing to match the views, and tables nearest the water are reserved for big spenders.

Vegas, of course, is no stranger to “boutique shopping promenades”. Most of the upmarket casinos have malls attached - Bellagio already counts brands such as Bottega Veneta, Dior and Louis Vuitton in its clutch.

It is believed the plans have been inspired by the decision to replace the golf course at the rival Wynn resort with a water park. Owner Steve Wynn was behind Bellagio, and is regarded as Vegas’ biggest mogul.

In response to the rumours, MGM Resorts issued a statement saying, “We have no plans or intention to eliminate the iconic Bellagio Fountains, one of the most identifiable tourism landmarks in the world.”

But the statement did not deny that discussions have been held.

Blogger Scott Roeben, whose Vital Vegas site often covers stories the casinos prefer to keep quiet, told The Independent:

“Las Vegas is in a constant state of evolution. Freebies were once enticements; now they're rewards for loyalty. People who come to see free shows aren't the ideal casino customer.

“While the fountains would be missed, casinos have to do the same cost/benefit analysis any business would. While free attractions appear to draw crowds, that rarely translates into gambling or other revenue for the casino. There are numerous examples of casinos eliminating or downsizing their free offerings, including the Sirens of TI show at Treasure Island. It had zero impact on their bottom line, other than to bolster it with the cost savings.

“The Bellagio fountains are certainly iconic, and they're known around the world. But it's not on the shoulders of Bellagio or its ownership, MGM Resorts, to provide a free attraction used to promote Las Vegas. Their responsibility, for better or worse, is to shareholders.

“But while I'm sure a move like this has been discussed at some point, the possibility it will happen is remote. It would be a public relations nightmare, for starters.”

A final decision is expected by mid-summer.


~_~


Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code

http://reut.rs/2pYZvvD


~_~


Joan Burton, the former tánaiste, has opposed the development EAMONN FARRELL/ROLLINGNEWS

A German discount supermarket chain has been given the go-ahead for a new store in an upmarket Dublin suburb, despite opposition from locals including the taoiseach and a former tánaiste.

Lidl welcomed yesterday’s An Bord Pleanála ruling, which upholds the decision of Fingal county council to grant planning permission for the outlet as part of a €15 million mixed-use development in Castleknock village.

Three of the four Dublin West TDs — Leo Varadkar, Joan Burton, the former tánaiste and Labour leader, and Fianna Fáil’s Jack Chambers — opposed the new store, located in the heart of the constituency.

The project also includes three new buildings around a street and public spaces, which will also have a medical centre, bakery, off-licence, underground car park and several…


~_~


Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs


~_~


The White House and a pair of influential conservative advocacy groups have endorsed a proposal by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) that would allow health insurers to offer cheaper, less-comprehensive plans as long as they also offered at least one plan that includes the essential consumer protections required by the Affordable Care Act. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has sent Cruz's proposal to the Congressional Budget Office for cost-benefit analysis.

Wednesday's endorsement of the Cruz amendment by the leaders of FreedomWorks and the Club for Growth "is significant: Without at least a neutral stance from conservative groups, it could be impossible for McConnell to find the 50 votes needed to pass a repeal this month," Politico reports. "But what the right is asking for may not be able to pass the Senate." The proposal may well violate budget rules that McConnell is using to push through his bill with 51 votes, and more centrist senators and outside insurance experts are concerned that it would essentially price people with pre-existing conditions and other high medical needs out of the insurance market.

"People who have higher health-care needs and need more comprehensive coverage would choose ACA-compliant plans," said Cori Uccello at the American Academy of Actuaries. "People who are healthy now would tend to choose noncompliant plans with really basic benefits. People who want or need more comprehensive coverage could find it out of their reach, because it might become unaffordable." Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), who was frequently thanked during July 4 festivities for helping at least slow down the bill, agreed that the Cruz language "would lead to adverse selection in the marketplace," adding: "It would also vitiate the important consumer protection of having a prohibition against annual and lifetime caps" on benefits.

Cruz and his allies argue that the amendment would lower premiums and allow individual consumers to essentially opt out of ObamaCare, but touching the pre-existing condition language may be a deal-breaker for other Republicans. "Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee is speaking against it in caucus lunches and Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska, a staunch conservative, also vocally opposes Lee and Cruz's idea," Politico says. "Many senators believe that the House made a critical error by allowing states to opt out of pre-existing condition protections and are determined not to touch that part of ObamaCare." A Senate vote could come as early as next week. Peter Weber


~_~


There are few names in the world of tech more trusted than Nokia.

Many of us grew up with the brand as the go-to company for the easiest-to-use, most reliable, best-designed mobile phones.

And French company Withings in recent years has built a fearsome reputation for brilliant home appliances that had wireless connectivity before other companies even got into the smart home game.

Gadgets and tech news in pictures







+ show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures



















































































1/43 Designed by Pierpaolo Lazzarini from Italian company Jet Capsule. The I.F.O. is fuelled by eight electric engines, which is able to push the flying object to an estimated top speed of about 120mph. Jet Capsule/Cover Images

2/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images

3/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images

4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

5/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

6/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

7/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images

8/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex

9/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex

10/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters

11/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters

12/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex

13/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters

14/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters

15/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty

16/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty

17/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters

18/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP

19/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters

20/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters

21/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters

22/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

23/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

24/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters

25/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters

26/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty

27/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty

28/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

29/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

30/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

31/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty

32/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters

33/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty

34/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire

35/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire

36/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA

37/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA

38/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA

39/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty

40/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty

41/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP

42/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP

43/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA

Its bathroom scales tell you your weight, fat content, water content, bone mass, muscle mass, heart rate, pulse wave velocity (a measure that's related to heart health), and even show recent trends and what today’s weather is like, all in the space of a few seconds as you stand bleary-eyed on them in the morning.

Other gadgets included a cuff that can record your blood pressure, a super-accurate thermometer and an elegant smart watch with, get this, proper analogue hands and a dial that counts your steps.

In fact, about the only negative you could come up with about Withings was not knowing how to pronounce its name.

Well, that problem’s gone because now the company has been integrated into its parent, Nokia.

Simultaneously the range of smart wireless things (that phrase was the inspiration for the Withings name, by the way) has increased to include a new set of bathroom scales, the Nokia Body BMI Wi-Fi connected scale, which is noticeably less expensive than others in the range (£55) and shows trends for weight gain or loss, access to BMI trends and data and more. It recognises up to eight users, all synchronised to the smartphone app.

There's also a new blood pressure cuff, the Nokia BPM+, which is compact enough to be portable enough to travel with. It's designed so you can share data with a medical professional. It'll sell for £115.

And the comprehensive Withings smartphone app has been updated with a wholly new, entirely elegant-looking interface.

I have to say it’s not quite ready yet. I’ve been using the Withings apps for six years and it’s been utterly reliable, if not the best-looking app out there.

Now I’ve updated to the much better-looking Nokia app and, well, the data for the whole of 2016 is missing from an overview. And the graph of my weight is dodgy. Look at the graph and it seems unable to accurately show my weight in stones and pounds. Tap an individual weight and it then finds the right figure.

I’ve spoken to Nokia about this and it’s a known issue, which mostly vanishes if you measure your weight in kilograms. Fair enough, though let's hope they solve that soon, as one of the standouts of the Withings app was that it accommodated imperial weights.

Switching to metric means all of my 2016 data comes back. When sorted, this could be a significant improvement over the Withings app, but for now, it needs more work.

That apart, the combination of Nokia and Withings teases a promising future for connected health technology.


~_~


Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

LONDON Finance firms should not be forced by regulators to change location after Britain leaves the European Union in 2019, Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority told a Reuters Newsmaker event on Thursday.

Banks, insurers and asset managers based in Britain are already making contingency plans to shift some operations to continental Europe after Brexit takes effect in case access to the EU single market is closed off.

But Bailey said Britain and the EU are in a position to preserve free trade for financial services, meaning such moves need not happen.

"Firms should be able to take their own decisions on where they locate, subject to appropriate regulatory arrangements being in place which preserve the public interest," Bailey said, in his first major speech on Brexit since Britain triggered the formal EU divorce proceedings in March.

"Authorities should not dictate the location of firms," he told an audience in Canary Wharf, home to some of the world's biggest banks.

Future financial sector relations between Britain and the EU should be based on "mutual recognition" or regulatory cooperation "but not exact mirroring" of rules, Bailey said.

Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, Luxembourg and Dublin are all vying for a slice of Britain's financial services industry after Brexit. Bailey said such competition was good.

But he also said Brexit should not be used as an excuse to restrict the ability to have open markets and freedom of location.

"The roots exist to come out with sensible outcomes on this."

Some companies have already announced plans to move people to continental European locations to retain access to the EU single market. Bailey said a transition period based on current trading arrangements was needed this year.

This would avoid a "regrettable" situation whereby firms had to "press the button" on moves to the EU before they know what the outcome of Britain's negotiations with the bloc will be.

"It needs to be a sensible period," Bailey said.

Bailey questioned whether restricting trade in this way was an inevitable or necessary response to Brexit.

"When I hear people say firms need to re-locate in order to continue to benefit from access to EU financial markets, I start to seriously wonder."

NO LOCATION POLICIES

France and other EU countries, for example, want the clearing of euro denominated derivatives, which London dominates, "located" within the EU after Brexit.

"It does not require a location policy," Bailey said.

Joint oversight with the EU of clearing houses in London is "something that is very clearly preferable to the cost and risk that is introduced by a location based policy."

Such joint oversight was already working well between the UK and United States regulators in clearing, he said.

He dismissed talk in the EU that given the dominance of Britain's financial services sector, the largest in Europe, there should be specific rules for the UK, rather than the existing general regime for recognising non-EU financial firms.

"I do not accept that," Bailey said.

Non-EU financial firms from the United States, Singapore and elsewhere can currently offer their services in the EU if their home regulation is deemed by Brussels to be "equivalent" or as tough as the bloc's own rules.

This regime should be applied to Britain in the same way.

"It would not be the best outcome to adopt a special treatment for the oversight of outsourced service provision arrangements involving the UK and EU when there are already arrangements in place which can form the basis of an equivalence arrangement," Bailey said.

NO RACE TO THE BOTTOM

Britain was not interested in a "race to the bottom" in regulation after Brexit, he said.

Britain has worked hard over the years to build up relations with EU and national regulators across the bloc, he said, though he conceded that he was already being locked out of EU regulatory discussions about Brexit.

"It's perfectly reasonable ... It does not concern me."

There are already fears that asset managers in Britain will be prevented from managing funds based in the EU after Brexit, but Bailey said this longstanding cross-border "delegation" should continue.

"It works well today. There is no reason to disrupt that model," Bailey said.

Critics of Brexit have said that Britain will end up being a "rule taker", meaning it will have to copy and paste the bloc's rules into UK law if it wants to maintain access in financial services.

"I don't want to be in a situation where we become a pure rule taker," Bailey said.

For live link to Newsmaker click on reut.rs/2thSd4S

(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Jason Neely and Jane Merriman)


~_~


Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus is expected to miss this summer’s pre-season Manchester derby as he recovers from a fractured eye socket.

The first overseas clash between United and City will take place at the NRG Stadium in Houston, USA, on July 20.

But the Brazilian, who fractured his eye socket in an aerial challenge with club teammate Nicolas Otamendi during a friendly between Brazil and Argentina last month, is unlikely to feature.

Speaking in his native Brazil, Jesus told television channel Esp_Interativ that he expects to make his return in three weeks’ time.

The 19-year-old did, however, confirm that he won’t have to undergo an operation for the injury.

“I won't have to have an operation," he said. "I should be back within three weeks.

“Many thanks to all the fans for the support and love. Thanks to Dr Pagura and his team.”

Jesus missed two critical months at City last season after being sidelined with a fractured metatarsal.

The youngster returned, though, to see out the end of the Citizens’ campaign before picking up another injury in the friendly against Brazil at Melbourne Cricket Ground.




~_~


CHIHUAHUA, Mexico—On the morning of March 23, gunmen here fired eight shots into a cherry-red Renault Duster SUV, killing newspaper reporter Miroslava Breach as she waited outside her home to drive her 14-year-old son Carlos to school.

A hand-painted sign at the scene said the journalist—known for her investigations into ties between drug gangs...


~_~


Follow the methodology behind Genius 162

a tribute to:

Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: The Marriage of Figaro & Ave Maria

Geoff Moss, founder of ‘fifteensquared’ ie 225

Across

6 infra IN/F(lask) + R[&]A [Royal and Ancient]

8 Wolfgang wolf pack/gang (hom)

10 effort briEF FOR Teacher (hidden)

11* Ave Maria (c)AVE<MAR 1>A(t) [St David’s Day. March 1]

12,2,17* The Marriage of Figaro HERITAGE AFFAIR GROOM (anag)

13 auctioneers IN OUTER S(p)ACE (anag)

15* dungeon DUNG/EON

18 Odyssey (b)ODY/YES(rev)

22 word of mouth MUD FOR HOW TO (anag)

25 urn f<URN>ace

26* ideal gas IDE<ALGA>S

27 Poirot P(in)OT (n)OIRE (anag)

29* ring road R(esistance) + N(ew)/(sur)G(eon) in RADIO (anag)

30 Sadat S(un)/A/TAD(rev) [Nobel Peace Prize, 1978]

Down

1* five I (one) + V (five) [Roman numerals] = VI (six, or sex in Latin)

3 Mozart OZ in TRAM (rev)

4 of record FORCE (anag) + OR/D(ensity)

5* uglier (UG)LIE R(ug)

7 fifteen F(emale)<IF TEE(t)>N(ame) or 1 by 5(1 down)

9* Amadeus A(merica)<MADE>US [‘in the can’ = made]

12 Tod double def [on one’s tod/Scottish fox]

14,21 canyon C<ANY>ON or CAN/YON

16* goddamn (englishma)N/MAD DOG (rev)

18 ohu twO HUndred (hidden) [NZ working party]

19 yahooism who is (hom) in MAY (rev)

20 squared D after SQUARE

23 orders cryptic def [suppers = drinkers]

24 Ossian OSSIA/(o)N(e)

28 Tutu T<(b)>(b)


~_~


President George H.W. Bush once said: “Poland should be strong and prosperous and independent and play its proper role as a great nation in the heart of Europe.”

Poland has lived up to those words. On Thursday, as an active member of NATO and the European Union, Poland hosts President Trump on his second international trip.

This visit...


~_~


A new design for a building that dates back to the 1800's. Its now one of the largest exhibition spaces in London. The Victoria and Albert museum, or the V&A as its also known, has undergone a seventy million dollar upgrade. (SOUNDBITE) (English) DIRECTOR, VICTORIA AND ALBERT MUSEUM, TRISTRAM HUNT, SAYING: "Where we are standing was almost an old junkyard full of technical services and boiler rooms and what we've done then is create this living room for london which blends the street and the museum..." Called the 'Exhibition Road Quarter' it includes the Sackler Courtyard, Blavatnik Hall and the 1,100 square metre Sainsbury Gallery. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PRINCIPAL ARCHITECT, AL_A, AMANDA LEVETE, SAYING: "The big event of this project is the vast gallery space which is 18 metres below ground and therefore we have to descend deep underground to get that space and we wanted to make sure that that was a dramatic experience but that you also felt very comfortable." Architect Amanda Levete says there was pressure to preserve the V&A and still create something new. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PRINCIPAL ARCHITECT, AL_A, AMANDA LEVETE, SAYING: "...So while I felt the responsibility of history I also felt it was our responsibility to do something that was radical and contemporary and find a way of being both sensitive to history but very clear about the power of modernity." To celebrate the opening the V&A museum is putting on a free festival called 'REVEAL' from Friday 30 June to 7 July (2017).


~_~


What term do you want to search?

This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here.


~_~


FILE PHOTO: European Union Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier looks on during a news conference after a European General Affairs Ministers meeting in Brussels, Belgium May 22, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal/File Photo

BRUSSELS The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier warned British ministers and businesses who are calling for "frictionless trade" with the EU after Britain leaves that that is "not possible".

Addressing an EU business forum in Brussels on Thursday, Barnier said London's "red lines" for a future trade relationship meant Britain was definitely leaving the single market and the customs union, and only membership of both allowed "frictionless" trading arrangements.

But Britain will stick by its aim to get a comprehensive free trade deal and customs agreement with the EU to ensure that trade is "as frictionless as possible" once it has left the bloc, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said.

Barnier said he was unsure the EU's refusal to grant single market access piecemeal and insistence on control of standards in the single market "have been fully understood across the Channel".

"I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits - that is not possible," he said. "I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and build a customs union to achieve 'frictionless trade' – that is not possible."

Stressing that time was tight for a deal by the time Britain automatically leaves the bloc on March 30, 2019 - "time flies", he said. Barnier said he was ready to handle a failure of talks and "no deal" but that would be damaging, especially to Britain, and he saw "no reasonable justification" for it.

"A fair deal is far better than no deal," he said, turning around a phrase popularized by May that no deal is better than a bad deal.

He called for rapid agreement on priority issues in talks begun last month to build a "climate of trust" so that trade negotiations could begin as soon as possible. But in urging businesses to prepare for Brexit now, he stressed that whatever deal was done would carry "significant consequences".

"A trading relationship with a country that does not belong to the European Union obviously involves friction," Barnier said. He cited disruption to cross-border traders processing value-added tax (VAT) and a need for all EU imports of animals and animal products to be tested at borders.

Those issues are of particular concern in Ireland, where farming businesses on either side of the new UK-EU border on the island fear disruption. Barnier repeated EU willingness to make a priority of agreeing border issues on Ireland, where leaders on all sides fear a "hard" frontier could also undermine the fragile peace in the British province of Northern Ireland.

The EU's conclusion of a free trade deal with Japan on Thursday was hailed by EU leaders as a sign of what the combined economic power of the bloc can achieve - and of what Britain will miss when it leaves.

"In the context of the discussion about Brexit, we have heard statements claiming that it isn't worth being in the European Union, as it is easier to do global trade outside of the EU," European Council President Donald Tusk said.

"Today we have shown that this is not true," he said.

EU Agriculture Commissioner Phil Hogan said the deal which will open Japan to European high-value food and drink exports, "shows the importance of size in global trade negotiations".

"No individual member state could ever hope to achieve what the EU can achieve together," Hogan said.

The EU hopes it will take effect in early 2019, just when Britain is leaving. London, where Trade Secretary Liam Fox welcomed the EU-Japan deal, may seek to emulate its benefits for the likes of Britain's hugely valuable Scotch whisky exports.

(Additional reporting by Elizabeth Piper; Editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek and Louise Ireland)


~_~


Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs


~_~


Two women whose brother was murdered after a hate campaign from his neighbours tell how they lost faith in the system

There were two moments in particular when Mojgan Khayatian realised that the racism faced by her brother, Bijan Ebrahimi, went beyond the crude bigotry of individuals to the callous indifference of institutions.

The first came in 2007, after Ebrahimi’s flat in Bristol was set on fire while he was still in it. He survived and the council moved him. But before he left the first flat his sister came over to help him clean it up.

“The police arrived, grabbed Bijan and without any explanation put handcuffs on him,” explains Khayatian. “They said: ‘Someone reported that you were breaking into the flat.’ I explained to them that we were cleaning up but they wouldn’t listen. They were arresting him and it was only when a council officer came and told them the same thing that they took off the cuffs. But they didn’t say sorry. They just went away. That’s when I realised there was something not normal happening.”

The second moment came a month after Ebrahimi was beaten to death by one of his neighbours and then set on fire in July 2013. That was when the family realised that this systemic negligence would continue beyond the the grave. Khayatian and her sister, Manizhah Moores, went to lay flowers outside the flat accompanied by two liaison officers. They were still in the dark about what had happened to their brother and why the liaison officers would not tell them.

Bristol city council faces inquiry over handling of Bijan Ebrahimi Read more

“When we emptied his storage cupboard we decided to give away the belongings that had no sentimental value,” explains Khayatian. “The liaison officers knew what had happened, but they allowed us to give his things to the people who were the actual cause of his murder. After we found out we were disgusted with ourselves. When I discovered that, I lost all my faith in the system and I knew more was coming.”

That realisation sparked a tireless campaign over four years by the two sisters both to find out what happened to their younger brother and to make sure that the world knew. Revelations along the way led to the jailing of one police officer and one community support officer for misconduct in public office and the dismissal of two other constables.

Earlier this week that campaign reached a milestone when the police watchdog the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) issued a report saying that the police repeatedly failed to protect Ebrahimi even as he constantly alerted them to the violent, racially-motivated hate campaign he endured at the hands of his neighbours.

Ebrahimi was the youngest of the family, who took care of his ailing parents in Tehran. When they died he sought refugee status in Britain and, after a brief stay in Leicester, went to Bristol to be near his sisters. Medical problems both with his knees and with his spine left him disabled.



“We were over the moon when he came here,” says Khayatian. “There was a guilt inside us because he had looked after our parents and even though he was the cleverest he hadn’t been to university. So we wanted to relieve ourselves of this guilt. It gave us an opportunity to look after him, to cook for him and wash his clothes. To really be there for him.”

The abuse Ebrahimi faced on the housing estate where he lived was unrelenting. Some harassment was relatively petty. He loved his tabby cat, Mooshi, so they kicked it. He adored his flowers and plants so the neighbour who led a vendetta against him encouraged children to vandalise them. But some was far more serious.



They spread a rumour that he was a paedophile, threatened to run him over and threw rocks at his doors. A few days before he murdered Ebrahimi Lee James barged into his house and beat him up on the pretext that Ebrahimi was taking pictures of his daughters. Over six years Ebrahimi called the police 85 times.

“I only knew one in 10 things that happened to him there,” says Khayatian. “He tried to make sure I didn’t worry.”

But what came to light during the investigation was the degree to which both the police and the council chose to ignore his pleas or believed other tenants instead of him. In 2009 police described him as “a serial complainer about his neighbours and investigations always reveal informant to be the aggressor”. The day James burst into his house and headbutted him, Ebrahimi was arrested for breach of the peace.

It was this systemic, institutional neglect that the sisters took on. They also named it for what it was: racism – a term most official reports have shied away from, referring instead to an unspecified “hate crime”. In her foreword the IPPC commissioner, Jan Williams, writes: “Some of the evidence has the hallmarks of what could be construed as racial bias, conscious or unconscious.”

In a previously sealed consent order, seen by the Guardian, the chief constable of Avon and Somerset constabulary admits to both a breach of Ebrahimi’s rights under article two of the European convention on human rights for failing to protect his life, and a breach of his right not to be discriminated against on the grounds of race.

“Bijan was left defenceless against the race hatred of other tenants because the very institutions whose duty it was to protect him are infected with the same racism,” said Tony Murphy of Bhatt Murphy solicitors, which acted for the family.

They got this far, says Moores, because the authorities originally misjudged them. “They thought these two sisters were going to be fobbed off with a few words. We were not the foreigners that they thought. Maybe we can tell them what to believe and they will go away. But we fought for this. We were there all the time. Every meeting they asked us to go to. We read every report.”

And it’s not over. The sisters claim the council also failed Ebrahimi and they are calling it to account too. “The main reason the police thought this was because the council said that Bijan was the troublemaker,” explains Moores. “They could have moved him to a better place. But they blamed him for the trouble because he wasn’t white.”

“We knew their action was pure racism,” says Khayatian. “And that encouraged us to fight for it.”

Bristol’s elected mayor, Marvin Rees, said this was “a horrific case which highlighted the need for many things to change”. He said the city council was “very sorry for any shortcomings that are identified”.



Bijan Ebrahimi was always a persistent younger brother, says Khayatian. “If we were playing some kind of game, and he thought he had the right answer, he was the kind of boy who would have continued researching more, to prove his point. He was very determined. If he believed something was right. He would stand by it. Everything that happened to him did make him more withdrawn but he never lost his spirit.”

It is this tenacity that comes through when reading the official reports. That somehow, even as the neighbours abused him, the police force either neglected or targeted him, and the council maligned him, he continued to insist both on his humanity and his rights.

In her foreword, Williams notes: “The most salutary lesson for the constabulary is underlined by the sad poignant fact that Bijan Ebrahimi kept faith with the police throughout. The Avon and Somerset constabulary misconduct panel noted that he remained respectful, cooperative and calm, if at times tearful. He was persistent in arguing his case, but nevertheless polite. Under extreme stress and provocation, at no point did he descend to profanity, to insult, to abuse. He never ceded dignity.”


~_~


The latest in our series where we turn the tables on the torturers. Under the spotlight this time is John Dawson, AKA Chifonie

Chifonie has been setting cryptics for the Guardian since 1994; he also sets for the Financial Times as Armonie and has posed fiendish barred-grid challenges as Symphonia. He can be devious in a way that is frequently funny and always fair; for example, the clue “Deer takes one for a ride (4)”. So, let’s meet the setter.

When did you get the crossword bug?

In 1971, I was working in a laboratory in Birmingham and during our tea and lunch breaks, a group collected around a copy of the Telegraph and solved its crossword collectively.

I soon started attempting the Guardian puzzle at home on my own, but the first time I completed it without assistance was while queuing outside the British Museum for three hours to see the Tutankhamun exhibition. That was a red-letter day in more ways than one.

How did you choose your pseudonyms?

Music means a great deal to me and at the time my first puzzles were being published I was listening to a lot of early music in which the hurdy-gurdy is often featured. There are many different names for this instrument and I chose to use three of them, Armonie, Chifonie and Symphonia.

Where do you create your puzzles?

In my living room, switching between an easy chair surrounded by reference books and sitting at my computer accessing its reference works and writing my clues. When the mood takes me, I can look out of the window across the town to Kendal Castle and the fells beyond.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sunrise over Castle Hill, Kendal, as seen from Chifonie’s home. Photograph: John Dawson/lakedistrictwalks.com

That sounds heavenly. What’s your favourite of your own clues or puzzles?

I have to trust other people’s judgment for my best clues. Hugh Stephenson’s favourite is:

Saw dog wearing lead (7)

And David Astle, writer of the book Puzzled, likes:

Fool starts to imagine death is only temporary (5)

The first, I note, is also in the introduction to Chambers Crossword Dictionary. What are the tools of your trade?

I have a great battery of aids, both reference books and computer programs, to help create my puzzles. I use them to help me write better clues rather than save time.

How does setting for the quick differ from an authored puzzle?

For quicks I look for words or phrases that have straightforward definitions. For cryptics I look for words that easily split into components for the cryptic part of the clue.

What makes a successful clue?

One that puzzles me at first but with an answer that seems glaringly obvious once I have it.

Name another setter whose work you admire.

I was always a fan of Alec Robins, Custos in the Guardian. His puzzles were entertaining although not difficult. It was only when I started writing my own clues that I realised how precise and elegantly constructed his were.

Tell us about lakedistrictwalks.com.

When I first joined the internet in 1996, I was intrigued by the design of websites and wanted to see whether I could create one myself. As I used to do a lot of fellwalking that seemed to be a good topic and so I started the site. Other walkers gave me a lot of encouragement and the website just grew.

How do people respond when you tell them that you’re a crossword setter?

Most say they don’t do crosswords, most are intrigued – and occasionally they are fans. I once got chatting to a French student while walking back to Grasmere after an enjoyable day on the fells and he asked what I did for a living. When I explained, he said he enjoyed meeting people with interesting jobs. I asked him what he was studying. “The trapeze,” he replied.

Finally, if you weren’t setting crosswords, what would you be doing?

The world is full of things that spark my interest. When I was a child I was taken to dancing classes: very unusual for a lad in a mining village. I stopped dancing in my teens and only started again recently. After struggling to find a ballroom partner who wanted to improve rather than dance just for fun, I finally met someone of like mind and a year ago we started competing in the National League.

We dance about four times a week, which we both feel is enough, so what else would I do? When I lived in London I went to a lot of concerts on South Bank and at the Albert Hall. I miss that and so would probably spend the extra time going to concerts either in Manchester or locally. Walking the Lakeland fells would still be a draw for me, too.



Many thanks to Chifonie and good luck with the National League. The answers to the clues above are DOES (double definition), PROVERB (ROVER inside the chemical symbol Pb) and IDIOT (an acrostic).


~_~





~_~


Everyone's got a story about how they thought a certain friend was mean the first time they met, but realised later that he or she is actually the nicest person ever.

Generally, you've only got a few seconds to make someone want to spend more time with you. Everything matters — from your last name to the smell of your sweat (gross, we know).

Below, Business Insider rounded up various scientific findings on the traits and behaviours that make people dislike you, both online and in person.

1. Sharing too many photos on Facebook

If you're the kind of person who shares snapshots of your honeymoon, cousin's graduation, and dog dressed in a Halloween costume all in the same day, you might want to stop.

A 2013 study found that posting too many photos on Facebook can hurt your real-life relationships.

"This is because people, other than very close friends and relatives, don't seem to relate well to those who constantly share photos of themselves," lead study author David Houghton, of Birmingham Business School, said in a release.

Specifically, friends don't like it when you've got too many photos of family, and relatives don't like it when you've got too many photos of friends.

Ben Marder, of the University of Edinburgh, also worked on the study, and warned: "Be cautious when sharing and think how it will be perceived by all the others who may see it. Although sharing is a great way to better relationships, it can also damage them."

2. Having too many, or too few, Facebook friends

In a 2008 study, Michigan State University researchers asked college students to look at fictional Facebook profiles and decide how much they liked the profiles' owners.

Results showed that the "sweet spot" for likability was about 300 friends. Likability ratings were lowest when a profile owner had only about 100 friends, and almost as low when they had more than 300 friends.

As for why 300-plus friends could be a turn-off, the study authors write, "Individuals with too many friends may appear to be focusing too much on Facebook, friending out of desperation rather than popularity."

On the other hand, the college students doing the evaluation each had about 300 Facebook friends themselves. So the researchers acknowledge that in a population where the most common number of Facebook friends is 1,000, the sweet spot for likability could be 1,000.

Keep in mind, though, that a 2014 survey found that the average number of Facebook friends among adult users was 338.

Interestingly, the study also suggested that participants weren't consciously aware that they liked people less when they had too many or too few Facebook friends.

3. Disclosing something extremely personal early on in a relationship

In general, people like each other more after they've traded confidences. Self-disclosure is one of the best ways to make friends as an adult.

But psychologists say that disclosing something too intimate — say, that your sister is having an extramarital affair — while you're still getting to know someone can make you seem insecure and decrease your likability.

The key is to get just the right amount of personal. As a 2013 study led by Susan Sprecher at Illinois State University suggests, simply sharing details about your hobbies and your favorite childhood memories can make you seem warmer and more likable.

(Flickr / Pedro Ribeiro Simões )

4. Asking someone questions without talking about yourself at all

That same 2013 study by found an important caveat to the idea that self-disclosure predicts closeness: It has to be mutual. People generally like you less if you don't reciprocate when they disclose something intimate.

In the study, unacquainted participants either engaged in back-and-forth self-disclosure or took turns self-disclosing for 12 minutes each while the other listened. Results showed that participants in the back-and-forth group liked each other significantly more.

As the authors write, "Although shy or socially anxious people may ask questions of the other to detract attention from themselves, our research shows that this is not a good strategy for relationship initiation. Both participants in an interaction need to disclose to generate mutual closeness and liking."

5. Posting a close-up profile photo

If your LinkedIn profile features an image of your face practically smushed up against the camera, you'd be wise to change it.

Research from California Institute of Technology suggests that faces photographed from just 45 centimeters — about 1.5 feet — away are considered less trustworthy, attractive, and competent than faces photographed from 135 centimeters, about 4.5 feet, away.

(Carlos Pacheco /Flickr)

6. Hiding your emotions

Research suggests that letting your real feelings come through is a better strategy for getting people to like you than bottling it all up.

In one 2016 study, University of Oregon researchers videotaped people watching two movie scenes: the fake-orgasm part of the movie "When Harry Met Sally" and a sad scene from "The Champ." In some cases, the actors were instructed to react naturally; in another they were instructed to suppress their emotions.

College students then watched the four versions of the videos. Researchers measured how much interest the students expressed in befriending the people in the videos, as well as their assessments of the personalities of the people in the videos.

Results showed that suppressors were judged less likable — as well as less extroverted and agreeable — than people who emoted naturally.

The researchers write: "People … do not pursue close relationships indiscriminately — they probably look for people who are likely to reciprocate their investments. So when perceivers detect that someone is hiding their emotions, they may interpret that as a disinterest in the things that emotional expression facilitates — closeness, social support, and interpersonal coordination."

(Carlos Pacheco /Flickr)

7. Acting too nice

It makes logical sense that the nicer and more altruistic you seem, the more people will like you. But some science suggests otherwise.

In a 2010 study, researchers at Washington State University and the Desert Research Institute had college students play a computer game with four other players, who were really manipulations by the researchers.

Here's how one of the study authors explained the study procedure in The Harvard Business Review:

"Each participant was placed in a five-person group, but did not see its other members. Each was given endowments that they could in their turn choose to keep or return, in whole or in part. There was some incentive to maximize one’s holdings, but not an obvious one.

"(The participants were told that, at the end of the semester, a random drawing of their names would be held and those few who were chosen would have their holdings converted to Dining Services coupons redeemable at campus eateries.)"

Some of the fake participants would give up lots of points and only take a few vouchers — a rather altruistic behavior. As it turns out, most participants said they wouldn't want to work with their unselfish teammate again.

In a similar, follow-up experiment in the same study, some said the unselfish teammate made them look bad; others suspected they had ulterior motives.

8. Humblebragging

In an effort to impress friends and potential employers, some people disguise bragging as self-criticism. This behavior, otherwise known as "humblebragging," could be a turn-off, according to a recent study from Harvard Business School.

In the study, college students were asked to write down how they'd answer a question about their biggest weakness in a job interview. Results showed that more than three-quarters of participants humblebragged, usually about being a perfectionist or working too hard.

Yet independent research assistants said they'd be more likely to hire the participants who were honest, and found them significantly more likable. Those students said things like, "I'm not always the best at staying organized" and "Sometimes I overreact to situations."

Another alternative in a job-interview situation is to talk about weaknesses that don't directly relate to the position — for example, a fear of public speaking if you're applying for a writing position.

9. Getting too nervous

Never let 'em see — or smell — you sweat. Research suggests that the odor of your nervous sweat may subconsciously influence people's judgments of your personality.

In 2013, researchers at the Monell Chemical Senses Center had participants watch videos of women in everyday situations, like working in an office and taking care of a child. While watching the videos, they sniffed three kinds of sweat: sweat that someone had produced while exercising, sweat produced during a stressful situation, and sweat produced during a stressful situation that had been covered up with antiperspirant.

Participants were then asked to rate the women on how competent, confident, and trustworthy they seemed.

Results showed that participants rated the women lower on all measures when they smelled the stress-induced sweat. When they smelled the stress sweat that had been covered up with antiperspirant, they rated the women more positively.

10. Not smiling

(Flickr/ stevendepolo )

When you're at a networking event and meeting lots of new people, it can be hard to keep a smile plastered on your face. Try anyway.

In a University of Wyoming study, nearly 100 undergraduate women looked at photos of another woman in one of four poses: smiling in an open body position, smiling in a closed body position, not smiling in an open body position, or not smiling in a closed body position. Results showed that the woman in the photo was liked most when she was smiling, regardless of her body position.

More recently, researchers at Stanford University and the University of Duisburg-Essen found that students who interacted with each other through avatars felt more positively about the interaction when the avatar displayed a bigger smile.

Bonus: Another study found that smiling when you first meet someone helps ensure that they'll remember you later.

11. Acting like you don't like someone

Psychologists have known for a while about a phenomenon called "reciprocity of liking": When we think someone likes us, we tend to like them as well.

In a 1959 study published In Human Relations, for example, participants were told that certain members of a group discussion would probably like them. (These group members were chosen randomly by the experimenter.) After the discussion, participants indicated that the people they liked best were the ones who supposedly liked them.

More recently, researchers at the University of Waterloo and the University of Manitoba found that when we expect people to accept us, we act warmer toward them — thereby increasing the chances that they really will like us. So even if you're not sure how a person you're interacting with feels about you, act like you like them and they'll probably like you back.

If, on the other hand, you don't express fondness for the person you're meeting, you could potentially turn them off.

Social networkers willing to risk accidents to stay in touch with their friends



2 show all Social networkers willing to risk accidents to stay in touch with their friends

1/2 Feverpitch

2/2 Ford Motor Company

12. Having a hard-to-pronounce name

We know: This one's really not fair.

But here's the science: A 2012 study, by researchers at the University of Melbourne, the University of Leuven, and New York University, found that people with more complicated last names are judged more negatively.

In one experiment included in the study, undergraduate participants read a mock newspaper article about a man running for an upcoming local council election. Some participants read about a man with a relatively easy-to-pronounce last name (Lazaridis or Paradowska); others read about a man with a harder-to-pronounce name (Vougiouklakis and Leszczynska).

As it turns out, participants who'd read about the man with the simpler name said that candidate was a better fit for the government position than participants who'd read about the man with the more complicated name.

13. Name-dropping

It can be tempting to mention that famous author who graduated from your alma mater in order to impress your conversation partner. But the tactic can backfire.

That's according to researchers at the University of Zurich. In 2009, they published a paper suggesting that name-dropping makes people seem both less likable and less competent.

For the study, University of Zurich students interacted with "partners" via email (the emails had really been generated by the researchers).

In some emails, the partner mentioned that Roger Federer was his friend and that they'd worked out together. In other emails, the partner only mentioned that Federer was a friend. In another set of emails, the partner mentioned that he or she was a fan of Federer. And in some emails, the partner didn't mention Federer at all.

Results showed that the stronger the supposed association between the partner and Federer, the less participants liked their partner. The researchers found that was largely because participants felt their partners were manipulative.

• You can buy elite residency in Thailand for $60,000

•Social media rules every couple should follow

• What 11 highly successful people watch on TV

Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter.


~_~


Team Sky's attempts to present a united front in the face of an escalating crisis appear to have backfired after triple Tour de France winner Chris Froome failed to back Sir Dave Brailsford amid rumours about his future as team principal.

With the team's reputation in "tatters" following a UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) investigation and a series of damaging sessions in front of the Commons culture, media and sport select committee, Cycling News website reports that riders are considering asking the coach to resign.

According to the site, with Brailsford "at the centre of a major controversy over the team's medical practices", several riders have "held discussions" over whether to ask him to step down.

"According to a source among the riders, the continued questions over the team's credibility have started to impact on performance," it says.

Following the claim, riders including Geraint Thomas and Luke Rowe took to Twitter to stand up for Brailsford - but the story soon took another twist when it was suggested they may have been following team orders.

Couldn't of said it better myself. I'm 100% behind Dave! https://t.co/hCwMSru3R2 — Luke Rowe (@LukeRowe1990) March 6, 2017

"The crisis around Team Sky showed no signs of abating last night as riders were urged to tweet support for Sir Dave Brailsford," says Matt Dickinson in The Times. "But Chris Froome, the three-times Tour de France winner, was notable by his silence."

Tom Cary in the Daily Telegraph says riders had been urged to "show public support" amid fears that Team Sky faces "oblivion".

He adds: "Brailsford, the mastermind behind the enormous success of both British Cycling and Team Sky over the past decade, is under immense pressure following revelations concerning UK Anti-Doping’s drugs probe into both organisations."

Nicole Sapstead, the chief executive of Ukad, last week told MPs investigators had met "resistance" from Team Sky and British Cycling and they "could not establish the contents of the infamous Jiffy bag flown out to Sir Bradley Wiggins in 2011, and that there had been a shocking lack of medical record-keeping which raised worrying questions", adds the Telegraph.

Froome's failure to back his boss is the latest blow for Brailsford, who was urged to quit by William Fotheringham in The Observer on Sunday.

He argued the coach's position was "shaky" after it emerged Wiggins had used therapeutic use exemptions, became "untenable" when he was forced to address the issue of the Jiffy bag sent across Europe to Wiggins in 2011, and was now "impossible" after the events of the past week.

Fotheringham will not have been surprised by Froome's Twitter silence – he interviewed the cyclist in January and says "his backing for his boss did not even match that of a prime minister about to throw a chancellor to the men in suits".

Team Sky and British Cycling stripped of all credibility

2 March

The credibility of Team Sky and British Cycling is in "tatters" and its funding in doubt after another bruising day of evidence to the Culture Media and Sport select committee. During the session, UK Anti-Doping chief executive Nicole Sapstead revealed that the team had no records of what drugs were given to riders.

The day began with cycling coach Simon Cope, the man who transported the notorious jiffy bag apparently containing an over-the-counter medication halfway across Europe to Bradley Wiggins, joking that he sometimes fiddled his expenses.

Cope admitted he had no idea what was in the package and agreed that he had been "hung out to dry" by his superiors. But Sapstead, who has overseen a five-month investigation into Team Sky and British Cycling, is the "demolition agent" who destroyed the reputation of British Cycling and Team Sky, says William Fotheringham of The Guardian.

Yesterday's evidence was devastating. "By the end of an extraordinary session of damaging revelations, fraudulent expenses were the least of cycling's problems," says Matt Dickinson of The Times. "This became a horrendous afternoon when a doctor's professional reputation was battered, medical practices at British Cycling and Team Sky exposed as chaotic and compromised, and a new cloud of suspicion placed over the ethics of both organisations.

"And still Sir Bradley Wiggins was saying no comment even though he is the rider at the heart of it all, the cause of this storm with his three controversial injections for triamcinolone and the medical package delivered to him and Dr Richard Freeman in June 2011."

Team Sky's aim when it was set up in 2009 was to prove that cycling races could be won "clean", says Fotheringham of the Guardian. Against that backdrop, Sapstead said it was unfortunate that the team had no records of what medicines its doctor, Richard Freeman, administered to his athletes. The only documentation was on his laptop, which was stolen in 2014, she was told.

She described the situation as "odd". But "that was an understatement," says Fotheringham. "There have been no positive drug tests, so according to the letter of the law the mission has been achieved, but there has been a persistent, gradual erosion of the team's credibility."

Committee chairman Damian Collins said British Cycling and Team Sky's reputation was in "tatters" following the evidence of Cope and Sapstead.

And there could be repercussions. UK Sport chief executive Liz Nicholl said the lack of record keeping at British Cycling and Team Sky was “shocking”. She threatened to withdraw funding for the next Olympic cycle "unless it gets its house in order", reports the Daily Telegraph.

"British Cycling's new chairman, Jonathan Browning, agreed with her that the evidence heard by MPs was 'unacceptable' and said his organisation would carry out a thorough review of its medical practices," adds the paper.

That may not be the end of it. There are claims the General Medical Council could also get involved as the absence of records breaches its guidelines.


~_~


Fabio Fognini is temperamental and doesn’t have the best record on grass – and yet he is dangerous when underestimated. The enigmatic Italian will face Andy Murray in the third round at Wimbledon, hoping to pull one of the greatest upsets of this year’s Championships.

Married to former WTA No.1 Flavia Pentta, the 30-year-old Italian has not achieved as much as his wife during his career. He has never broken into the top 10 of the ATP rankings – peaking at No 13 in 2014 – and his best performance at a grand slam remain a run to the quarter-finals of the French Open in 2011.

But the Italian is a dangerous opponent. He is also an accomplished doubles player, winning the Australian Open in 2015 with his fellow Italian Simone Bolelli, and reaching the semi-finals of the US Open in 2011, and the French Open in 2015.

Murray knows the Italian well as Fognini has managed to upset Murray three times in his career, with the current head-to-head record between the two men locked at 3-3. The last time they played it was Fognini who triumphed, blowing the Scot off the court at the Rome Masters in an impressive 6-2 6-2 win.

In that match he hit a total of 31 winners on his favoured surface of clay, winning the first set in a positively breezy 40 minutes. He made barely any errors and smashed a large number of winners past the World No 1.

Most of those winners were off his mighty forehand, which is arguably his most dangerous weapon. He is quick on the court and excels at baseline play. However, his serve can lack power, with Murray likely to attack his second serve on Wednesday.

Wimbledon Day Three: Murray makes it four Brits into the third round

Theoretically at least, Fognini isn’t a terrible match-up for Murray, as the Scot is one of the finest defensive players in the game and is also an accomplished returner.

The surface should also work in Murray’s favour. All of Fognini’s victories over Murray have come on clay, while the Scot counts grass as his favourite surface. It will give him a considerable advantage on Wednesday.

Murray looks to have recovered from the hip injury he sustained in the build-up to the tournament and made light work of Dustin Brown in the previous round. The German was powerless against Murray and won just 14 points off his serve.

Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships







50 show all Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships

































































































1/50 Andy Murray walks of court with the trophy past the ball boys and girls on Centre court after beating Milos Raonic in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

2/50 Serena Williams falls to the ground after winning match point on Centre Court in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

3/50 Novak Djokovic with the trophy with Roger Federer on Centre Court, in 2015. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

4/50 Serena Williams balances the Venus Rosewater Dish on her head with no hands as she walks off Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

5/50 Novak Djokovic shows off the trophy on Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

6/50 Petra Kvitova holds her winners Plate on Centre Court in 2014. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

7/50 Andy Murray celebrates with the crowd after winning match point in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

8/50 Marion Bartoli climbs up into the stand to family and coaches after beating Sabine Lisicki in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

9/50 Andy Murray congratulates Roger Federer in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

10/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Plate in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

11/50 Novak Djokovic defeats Rafael Nadal in the final of the mens singles on day thirteen at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

12/50 Petra Kvitova with her trophy after defeating Maria Sharapova in their final match of the womens singles on day twelve at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

13/50 Rafael Nadal beat Tomas Berdych in the 2010 final. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

14/50 Serena Williams after beating Vera Zvonareva. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

15/50 Roger Federer kisses the trophy after beating Andy Roddick in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

16/50 Serena Williams shows off the dish to photographers in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

17/50 Venus Williams (USA) walks past the Photographers on Centre Court in 2007. COLORSPORT

18/50 Rafael Nadal of Spain drops onto the grass to celebrate winning the title. Colorsport / Imago

19/50 Roger Federer with the mens trophy after winning the title for the 5th time in a row. COLORSPORT

20/50 Venus holds aloft the Ladies Shield after beating Marion Bartoli in 2007. COLORSPORT

21/50 Roger Federer with the Trophy, glances over at Rafael Nadal. COLORSPORT

22/50 Amelie Mauresmo celebrates match point. She beat Henin Hardenne in the 2006 final. COLORSPORT

23/50 Roger Federer drops to the ground after winning match point in 2005. COLORSPORT

24/50 Federer plays a shot in 2005. COLORSPORT

25/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Shield and sister Venus Willams, in 2005. Colorsport

26/50 Maria Sharapova stunned Serena Williams in the 2004 final.

27/50 Venus Williams hugs the winners plate in 2005. COLORSPORT

28/50 Roger Federer holds aloft the Mens Singles Trophy after his straight sets victory over Mark Philippoussis in 2003. COLORSPORT

29/50 Serena and Venus Williams smilling after the 2003 Womens Final, won by Serena. COLORSPORT

30/50 Lleyton Hewitt celebrates victory in 2002. Colorsport

31/50 Goran Ivanisevic celebrates beating Tim Henman in the mens semi-final in 2001. Colorsport

32/50 Venus Williams with the Ladies trophy after defeating Justine Henin in 2001. Colorsport

33/50 Venus Williams celebrates with the Ladies winners plate after defeating Lindsey Davenport in 2001. Colorsport

34/50 Pete Sampras with The Mens singles trophy in 2000. COLORSPORT

35/50 Pete Sampras kisses the Mens Wimbledon Trophy after beating Andre Agassi in 1999. COLORSPORT

36/50 Ladies winner Lindsay Davenport with the trophy and and runner-up Steffi Graf. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

37/50 Pete Sampras celebrates. COLORSPORT

38/50 Jana Novotna celebrates victory in 1998. COLORSPORT

39/50 In 1997 Pete Sampras got the better of Cedric Pioline. COLORSPORT

40/50 Martina Hingis holds aloft the Ladies Plate. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

41/50 Richard Krajicek drops to the ground after winning the final on Centre Court. He beat Mal Washington. COLORSPORT

42/50 Steffi Graf shows Sanchez Vicario the Shield after the presentation on Centre Court. Colorsport

43/50 Pete Sampras shortly after beating Boris Becker in 1995. COLORSPORT

44/50 Steffi Graf celebrates after winning match point in 1995. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

45/50 Pete Sampras reacts after beating Goran Ivanišević 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–5), 6–0 in the 1994 final. COLORSPORT

46/50 Conchita Martinez is the only Spanish player to have won the women's singles title at Wimbledon, where she beat Martina Navratilova to win the 1994 title. Colorsport

47/50 Steffi Graff of Germany glances over to Jana Novotna as she breaks down in tears at the presentation after losing the match. Colorsport

48/50 Sampras beat Jim Courier 7–6(7–3), 7–6(8–6), 3–6, 6–3 in the 1993 final.

49/50 Andre Agassi receives the trophy from the Duchess of Kent in 1992.

50/50 Stefi Graf shows off the ladies Plate to the crowd. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

Murray’s consistency could frustrate Fognini, who is known to have something of a short temper. He is also prone to making silly mistakes and holds a record for the number of foot faults committed in a match.

Nevertheless, Fognini says he is ready for the third-round clash and his flair means he is definitely one to watch out for. To make sure of victory, Murray has to make sure he does not allow Fognini to dictate play, and must be wary of the Italian drop-shotting him in an attempt to punish his relative lack of match-fitness.


~_~


LONDON It's lonely at the top for British Prime Minister Theresa May but she's holding on -- for now.

May faced calls to quit from inside and outside her ruling Conservative Party after losing its parliamentary majority in an ill-judged election that she did not need to call, plunging Britain into the worst political instability for decades.

She has struggled since then to unite her government on policy and to assemble a new team of aides -- one Conservative lawmaker described it as "career suicide" to agree to serve a leader whose days in office may be numbered.

But party sources say moves to oust May are now on hold after senior figures agreed she should be the one to at least make a start on two years of Brexit talks that are likely to stretch her government and possibly the public's patience, giving the world's fifth biggest economy some breathing space.

READ MORE: Labour calls on government to drop European court red line

If she fails to make headway or satisfy some of her more eurosceptic party members, then she can answer for it, the party sources said.

"She'll stay for as long as we want her to," one lawmaker told Reuters, on condition of anonymity. "Now is not that time."

Concerns over the reaction of Britons if asked to vote for the fourth time in just over two years, over losing Conservative seats and of having someone else take over the lead in talks with the European Union have calmed calls to replace May.

Even the most embittered lawmakers say a new leadership vote would simply deepen divisions in the party over Brexit and its austerity agenda, blamed by opposition politicians for a devastating fire in west London that killed at least 80 people and for straining a police service battling militant attacks.

May, 60, has said she will carry on, despite her pride being "shattered" by the election, said one veteran Conservative Party member who spoke on condition of anonymity.

READ MORE: Northern Ireland parties fail to strike power-sharing deal, talks to continue

"But I suspect her sense of duty is bigger than (predecessor David) Cameron's," the source said. "No one actually wants the job, well they do want the job but not now."

CLEARING UP THE "MESS"

May, Britain's longest serving interior minister in over a century with a reputation as a tough and diligent politician, became the country's second female premier after Margaret Thatcher when Cameron resigned after Britons voted for Brexit.

Her path then was cleared when two other hopefuls -- her now foreign minister Boris Johnson and environment minister Michael Gove - all but killed off each others' bids and she appealed to members with her straight-talking can-do attitude.

But her boast that she could never be found "drinking in parliament's bars" may come to haunt her - having not been part of one of the Conservative cliques, she is very much alone as others in the party plot their routes to power.

The veteran source said her pledge to clear up "the mess" she created by staging the June 8 election had softened many Conservatives, who have traditionally punished leaders over any sign of weakness.

They are also driven by self-preservation. The election revealed the shortcomings of Conservative Campaign Headquarters and some Conservatives say it is time to take stock and restructure before the next election after Jeremy Corbyn's opposition Labour Party leapt in opinion polls.

"We need to get campaigning again properly, get the message out," the lawmaker said.

"We have spent years mopping up the mess left by Labour and now we are opening the door to Corbyn. The country will go bankrupt if he gets in and it'll take us 20 years to get back."

MAY IN RETREAT

May has promised to promote reform in the party, but forced to accept the resignations of her two closest aides and a steady departure of senior members of her Downing Street office team, her control is draining away.

Appointed shortly after Britain voted to leave the European Union, May ran a tight ship for months - giving little away, she tried to limit leaks by keeping some of her more publicity hungry ministers in check and sticking to the party line.

Now, they have been let off the leash.

Differences over Brexit strategy and a pay cap on public sector workers are aired almost daily while the prime minister's projects to bring in more selective schools and give lawmakers a vote on lifting a ban on fox hunting have been dropped.

May, it seems, has retreated.

"Before she could say you're not going on TV ... But now she can't crack the whip like a prime minister normally does," the veteran Conservative said.

She has reverted to type, the source said, of the "quiet girl in class who just got on with her homework", allowing her ministers such as Chancellor Phillip Hammond to take some of the limelight and a more commanding role.

For now, despite differences, her team of senior ministers is at least pulling in the same broad direction, towards a clean break with the European Union that sees Britain out of the bloc's single market to prioritise controlling immigration.

"It's a bit like a rowing boat, where everyone is pulling at different speeds, but not hard enough to topple it over," the veteran Conservative said.

"It's loud and it's messy, but it's actually democracy."

(Editing by Peter Millership)


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


HONG KONG Tencent Holdings' (0700.HK) online publishing subsidiary has sought a waiver from Hong Kong listing rules to allow it to withhold shareholding information of some executives, drawing criticism from corporate governance advocates.

China Literature Ltd requested the unusual exemption from the Hong Kong bourse, saying revealing the three executives' stakes "would attract unnecessary attention amongst Tencent's employees and would likely create an unfavorable and political working environment which would significantly distort Tencent's workplace culture and distract them from their business duties within [Tencent] as well as their duties as directors of our

Company."

The online publisher filed for a Hong Kong IPO on Monday. The three executives are its board members and would have to disclose their stakes in Tencent as per the city's listing rules. The waiver request will now be vetted by the listing committee of the Hong Kong stock exchange.

"That's an outrageous waiver request, and I hope that the listing committee will reject it," said David Webb, Hong Kong's leading investor activist and a former director of the Hong Kong stock exchange. "It is the thin end of a nasty wedge if the listing committee allows companies not to disclose directors' shareholdings in their parent company."

Jamie Allen, secretary general of the Asian Corporate Governance Association, said it would set a bad precedent to grant the exception.

Tencent, China Literature and the Hong Kong bourse didn't immediately reply to Reuters requests for comment.

China Literature asked for a waiver so it doesn't have to reveal the stakes held in Tencent by James Gordon Mitchell, a former Goldman Sachs banker and Tencent's chief strategy officer; Cheng Wu, CEO of Tencent Pictures; and Lin Haifeng, general manager of the merger and acquisitions department at Tencent Science & Technology (Shenzhen) Co.

The three are non-executive directors in China Literature's nine-member board, with Mitchell also acting as chairman.

They hold "an insignificant percentage of share capital" in Tencent, the filing added. But with a market capitalization of nearly $330 billion, even a tiny stake in China's biggest social network and online entertainment firm would make the executives multi-millionaires.

In its 2016 annual report Tencent disclosed the stakes held by Chairman Ma Huateng, also known as Pony Ma, President Lau Chi Ping Martin, or Martin Lau, and four independent non-executive directors. The value of the stakes ranged from $29 billion for Ma to as low as $126,348 for one of the independent directors.

As in most markets, shareholders owning 5 percent or more of any stock must be disclosed to the Hong Kong stock exchange and under listing rules IPO candidates must also reveal the interests and short positions their board directors hold in the issuer itself or "associated corporations."

Publicly listed companies must also disclose the interests and short positions of their CEOs and all directors in shares and debentures in the companies themselves or associated corporations under a separate rule, the Securities and Futures Ordinance (SFO).

That means even if China Literature were granted the waiver, it would still have to reveal the stakes at a later date.

"The listing committee has no powers to waive SFO obligations, so as soon as the company is listed, they would have to file disclosures, which will be available to the public," investor Webb added. "So not including them in the prospectus would only delay disclosure."

(Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)


~_~


For 1.8 billion young people, family planning will be vital in shaping lives and livelihoods. As leaders prepare for the London Family Planning Summit, Lucy Lamble looks at the challenges ahead

LL Lucy Lamble

BS Beth Schlachter

JB Julia Bunting

LF Liz Ford

AK Ali Kaviri

AKM Annet Kyarimpa Mukabe

AN Annet Nabizzizzi

LL There are currently an estimated 1.8 billion young people in the world; the biggest cohort of young people ever, with nearly nine out of 10 of them living in developing countries. In 2012, London hosted a summit that set the agenda for family planning up to 2020. For a long time adolescents have not featured prominently on the development agenda, but increasingly there’s a realisation that their futures depend on being able to plan their families.



Preview clip from Uganda report So if we are not giving information to young boys and girls, then they don’t get the knowledge and empowerment they need to make great decisions. And of course, it affects the livelihood of the girl and the babies that they’re giving birth to.

LL In 2016 alone, 82m unintended pregnancies, 25m unsafe abortions and 124,000 maternal deaths were averted due to the use of modern effective methods of family planning. But despite this many people in the world still can’t count on access to contraception, and now many countries are about to face additional problems as the US cuts funding.

Rich countries pledge $2.6bn for family planning in global south Read more

I’m Lucy Lamble and this month on the Global development podcast ahead of the second London Family Planning Summit, we’re looking at how these challenges will affect the growing population of young people in the developing world and consequently the economy of their countries.

At the 2012 London summit, some of the world’s richer countries pledged $2.6bn over the next eight years and FP2020 was set up to monitor that promise. Beth Schlachter is their executive director.

BS In 2012, building on the excitement from the London summit, the global community set the goal of expanding access to contraception so that 120 million additional women and girls in the world’s 69 lowest income countries would be able to use contraception. And by that we mean that they would have access to a range of high quality products, that they would have healthcare services that consider their needs and are based on high quality information, on counselling sessions that really work with women to determine what their needs are and what would best suit their purposes.

LL Julia Bunting is from the Population Council.

JB When you give a woman or a young person the right to determine freely and for themselves whether, when and how many children to have, then their life chances are transformed. They don’t have unintended pregnancies, they’re not at much risk of unsafe abortions and maternal mortality. We see that they choose to have fewer children and to invest more in those children. So those children have greater life chances; they’re likely to be more healthy, they have more years of education and they’re more likely to be productive in the labour force.

And when we see this happen at an aggregate level – the choices of many individuals happening – then we see real benefits for countries in terms of their economic growth and development as well as things like security and stability.

LL That’s what’s known as the demographic dividend. How does that work?

JB The demographic dividend is a phenomenon that occurs when there is increased access to contraception that leads to reductions in fertility and that creates a change in the population age structure. So what we see is that there are fewer young people and more people of working age. And when we get that dependency ratio the number of young people to working age people when that reduces what we see is a real opportunity for economic growth because there are more people working.

Now for that to come to be, it’s not just that you need to increase access to contraception, you also need to increase human capital, improve people’s health and education, and you need to implement policies around labour and employment and trade.

And the demographic dividend is a very real phenomenon. We’ve seen it happening in countries around the world. So if you just take some of the examples, for example, the Asian tigers – the east Asian tigers countries like South Korea and Taiwan and Singapore – they experienced the demographic dividend between the late 1960s and the 1990s, and the economic miracle that we saw in those countries was in part a result of these investments. And they estimate that about a third of that economic growth was a result of harnessing the demographic dividend.

LL FP2020 publishes a report every year looking at the progress across the 69 countries they target.

BS Where we’ve seen considerable progress is in a lot of the difficult work that has to take place for governments to provide programmes to meet the needs of their citizens. So a lot of the work that we do as well is around social norms and around expanding the understanding within communities for why women should have access to products that give them control over the most intimate part of their lives. So we do a lot of work to help women understand what contraception is; to help communities support women having access to that, with the understanding that is women have more autonomy as they have healthier lives, as they have healthier children at birth and that they’re able to support them through early childhood, that we then have healthier families, stronger economics in local communities and potential for growth overall economically in countries.

'Global gag rule': stop playing politics with women's lives, MSF tells Trump Read more

So family planning is one of those interesting areas of work where both human rights and economics come together in a really interesting and challenging way. So we have to look at both sides of it, both the technical, the bureaucratic, the delivery side as well as the human side of healthcare and need for individual people.

LL Global development deputy editor Liz Ford travelled to Uganda where sex education is under great pressure.

AK So my name is Ali Kaviri. I’m a youth rights and women’s campaigner in Uganda. A Women Deliver young leader and I’m also the World Contraception Day ambassador for Uganda.

LF What about sex education in Uganda, is it taught in schools?

AK I will give you my experience. Like I only gotten about sex education maybe just a few phrases during biology lessons, where we draw the female reproductive organ. Where we would draw a female reproductive system, a male reproductive system and then have discussions and all that.

But in terms of sexuality education, or comprehensive sexuality education, right now they don’t even have this conversation, it’s banned. That means organisations cannot even take this message to young people. Young people now are just wondering on their own.

LL In Uganda, many believe that young people should not be educated about sex but instead be taught to abstain. Yet, adolescents are having sex. According to the country’s 2016 Demographic and Health survey, a quarter of girls aged 15 to 19 have had a baby or are pregnant. Annet Kyarimpa Mukabe is coordinator of safe motherhood with Reproductive Health Uganda.

AKM Uganda has one of the highest teenage pregnancies in the world, estimated at 25%. And one of the contributing factors is lack of access to family planning, cultural and traditional barriers that inhibit young girls from talking about sexuality issues. But also the environment in which young people access sexual and reproductive health services is not very conducive.

Uganda fails to target gay men and sex workers in fast-track HIV initiative Read more

LL Annet Nabizzizzi is a volunteer for Reproductive Health Uganda in Mbale.

AN I dropped from school because of unwanted pregnancy. I am a mother through very painful condition. I was 16 years, I gave birth at 17 years. I feel so bad for the young ones, the young girls. At least I counsel … I try to counsel them not to be like me.

LF So, Annet, if your 15-year-old daughter came up to you and wanted to talk to you or ask about taking contraception what would you say, or what would you do?

AN I first counsel her. But if she do insist I give the [contraceptives].

LF How would you feel about giving her something like that?

AN I feel very bad. I feel bad. I feel bad because early sex is not good.

LF But what would compel you to give her what she wanted?

AN Because she might get pregnant when she’s still in school.

AK What now this means for us as young people and especially with saying a lot in terms of increasing access to information so you can make informed choices in life, we’re going to see many young girls you know deferred. We’re going to have so many, let’s say, girls drop out of school due to pregnancy-related cases, due to child marriages, due to quite a number of things. And that means it has a bearing of course to the economy. That means you’re having child families that cannot be able to support and our people shall continue to live in poverty for many years to come.

LL In January this year, President Trump reinstated the Mexico City policy – also known as the “global gag rule”, which bars any overseas organisation receiving US aid from mentioning abortion in their work. In April, the US administration also cut funding to the United Nations Population Fund. Julia Bunting again.

JB We actually had decades of evidence around what works in family planning and decades of evidence that really shows the many and multiple benefits. It’s absolutely clear that the decision being put forward by the Trump administration to reduce their commitment to international family planning but to broader to health and development are going to be devastating. We know that when the Mexico City policy has been enacted in the past – under previous Republican administrations – that it’s led to reductions in services and to closures in clinics. And this version under President Trump is even bigger than that. We’re talking now about dramatic reductions in funding, not just in family planning but also across global health and development. And we expect that the results will be devastating for women and men and young people around the world.

LL Uganda may well be one of the countries affected.

AK I also happen to be a chair of the African Youth and Adolescent Network on Population Development, which is largely connected by UNFPA. And there’s a lot of support that we are receiving from UNFPA that is aimed at reaching out to youth groups ensuring that we have access to family planning information and services, to ensure that there is support for our comprehensive sexuality education, support aimed at saving mothers from dying, saving young mothers contracting fistula and so many other issues. So, that alone has a very big impact on women’s reproductive choices and it’s going to affect especially young people in Uganda that are heavily affected in this country.

LL The US announcement leaves a big funding gap, which means that national governments will now have to think hard about prioritising family planning in their budgets.

BS What we’re going to have to do is also see if our development partners in countries can do more as well to meet some of their need. UNFPA provides contraceptives in a number of countries but they also provide technical assistance and that’s where we really need to make sure that people on the ground to help developing countries to build their capacities, to expand their own programmes. So it’s those partnerships and efficiencies they’re in that are one of the areas that we’re going to have to look at in order to be able to maintain the programmes we have and to grow them for the future.

LL How are people on the ground going to get round this? Ali Kaviri again.

AK Through the Women Deliver programme and particularly through the World Contraception Day project that’s potentially between Women Deliver and Bayer, together with youth advocates, are being supported to launch a maiden, sort of, platform in this country. And that’s the Youth SRHR website. You can access it online. We are trying to ease information access to young people.

We have a broadcast radio, which is integrated with the website, and it’s purely broadcasting information around family planning. There’s a page where you can learn basically about family planning. You can even access some youth [information] that we have been able to release. You can have an interface with experts.

LL Annet Kyarimpa Mukabe.

AKM There are quite a number of non-government organisations that are providing youth friendly services. But this is limited in terms of numbers, geographical coverage and the reach for young people. So I think it’s important for governments to have youth friendly services in the public health facilities. That will address the stigma, but it will create space for young people. Space in terms of physical infrastructure, having trained staff in providing youth friendly services. But also at community level to be able to address the cultural and traditional barriers that stop young girls from demanding and using family and sexual reproductive services.

LL As stakeholders prepare to meet at the 2017 summit this summer, Beth Schlachter believes that now more than ever the global community must pull together.

BS So I think the summit comes at a perfect time because it allows us to plan together how we’re going to work together smarter and more effectively going forward, recognising that this a period of transition and uncertainty. So it’s a really positive moment for pulling the community together to say we’ve been working on family planning for 50 years; we’ve weathered different kinds of transitions before. We’re a strong sector, we know the work that we need to do, now let’s just get on with it. And let’s make sure we’re working the partnership in a way that keeps everybody together and making those decisions that are going to allow us to advance.

LL That’s all for this month’s episode of the Global development podcast. You can subscribe via iTunes, SoundCloud or your favourite podcasting app. And you can also listen to other episodes on theguardian.com/global-development. I’m Lucy Lamble and the producer is Kary Stewart. Thanks for listening. Goodbye.


~_~


The singer says he felt ‘terrorised’ by the armed officer who he says detained him for half an hour and screamed in his face

The singer Morrissey said on Wednesday that he had been “terrorised” by a police officer in Rome who held him at gunpoint for half an hour on a busy street.



The former lead singer of the Smiths, a long-time fan of Rome who had returned to the Italian capital to record an album, said the officer unlocked his gun and “screamed into my face” as a crowd of more than 100 people watched.

Morrissey’s nephew Sam Esty Rayner, a photographer who often takes footage of the singer, posted a picture of the officer and wrote his motorbike’s licence plate number on Facebook.

morrisseysolo (@morrisseysolo) Morrissey accosted in Rome! Police officer demands "papers" - Sam Esty Rayner Photography / FB https://t.co/61RTKspBFK

“The Police Officer pictured below terrorized Morrissey for 35 minutes demanding ‘papers’. Morrissey had no papers,” Rayner wrote.

Morrissey in a statement accused the officer of a “deliberate act of terror” and said he had not broken any law. “I believe he recognised me and wanted to frighten me. I did not back down even though I believed he was about to shoot me,” Morrissey said.

“I urge people to beware of this dangerously aggressive officer. He might kill you,” he said.

Morrissey has frequently criticised the police both in his music and off-stage. In 2015, he said he was “sexually assaulted” by an officer at San Francisco International Airport who touched him during a security check.






~_~


The gang were jailed in April at Liverpool crown court after raiding cash machines across the country PA:Press Association Archive

The legal aid cost of defending the gang that blew up more than a dozen ATMs, including three in Scotland, topped £1 million.

Seven men were jailed for a total of 92 years for a series of raids that netted them £550,000 and caused an estimated £160,000 of damage.

The gang were jailed in April at Liverpool crown court after raiding cash machines in Merseyside, Cheshire, Berkshire, Gloucestershire and Suffolk in England, and Aberdeen, Perth and Carnoustie in 2015 and 2016.

The total cost of their defence came to £1,020,173.05, according to a breakdown of costs provided by the ministry of justice.

Anthony White, 26, the ring leader, of Huyton, Merseyside, ran up the largest single legal bill — £129,088 for his solicitor, £98,675 for his…


~_~


State schools students are performing better in their science A-levels than pupils at one of the country’s most expensive boarding schools.

According to a new league table measuring schools on their science, technology, engineering and maths (STEM) expertise, boys from a number of free schools and grammars are more likely to do well than their peers at Eton College.

Reading School, King Edward VI Camp Hill School for Boys, and Sutton Grammar in Surrey have all been awarded top places in the Your Life league table, a government-backed campaign to promote science skills in school leavers.

A number of new specialist free schools – state schools run independently of local authority – are also proving to be performing well when partnered with universities.

King’s College London Mathematics School, which opened in 2014, comes top of the new table despite only making 24th place in traditional A-level rankings.

A similar free school sponsored by Exeter University comes fourth compared with a general A-level ranking of 168.

Pupils from Sir Isaac Newton Sixth Form Free School in Norwich and Sidney Stringer Academy in Coventry also received top teaching for sciences.

The most expensive schools in the world







10 show all The most expensive schools in the world

















1/10 La Rosey, Switzerland This prestigious Swiss boarding school is believed to be the most expensive in the world. Le Rosey hosts pupils from seven to 18 and has been co-educational since 1967. The school takes in pupils from more than 60 countries, but allows no more than 10 per cent of its students to come from any one country in order to prevent a single nationality dominating. The school has two campuses – winter is spent in Gstaad, where pupils can make use of the ski slopes after their morning lessons. Come spring, the whole school will uproot to the Chataeau du Rosey in the village of Rolle by Lake Geneva. Le Rosey also boats a 1,000 seat concert hall, equestrian centre and 38-foot yacht. Notable alumni: Shah of Iran, Prince Rainier of Monaco and King Farouk of Egypt. Sir Roger Moore and Elizabeth Taylor also send their children here, along with John Lennon’s son Sean and Winston Churchill’s grandson. Fees: approx. £86,657 pa

2/10 Aiglon College, Switzerland With a view of Mont Blanc, this high altitude school lends itself to outdoor pursuits. The school caters for boys and girls aged nine to 18 and is modelled on the traditional British Boarding school. Unlike most schools, however, the whole school body comes together for 20 minutes of meditation on three mornings each week. Notable alumni: Actor Michel Gill, Princess Tatiana of Greece and Denmark, Sheherazade Goldsmith Fees: up to £80,810 per year (upper school boarding)

3/10 Collège Alpin International Beau Soleil Founded in 1910, Beau Soleil is one of the oldest private boarding schools in Switzerland. It is positioned 1,350 metres above sea level on the Swiss Alps and hosts pupils from more than 40 different nationalities aged 11-18. The curriculum is taught in both French and English and focuses on outdoor sports, with a ski slope and ice skating rink on site. Notable alumni: Racing driver Jacques Villeneuve, Princess Marie of Denmark, Prince Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg Fees: £79,528 Collège Alpin International Beau Soleil

4/10 Collège du Léman International School, Switzerland Taking in children from as young as one year old, College du Leman teaches a bilingual programme of French and English up to age 18. The school campus stretches out across eight hectares and offers access to both Geneva city and the mountains. Pupils from more than 100 nationalities attend. Noteable alumni: Anna Ovcharova, Swiss, Russian figure skater Fees: £68,960 pa

5/10 Leysin American School, Switzerland Another high-profile Swiss school, popular for its exclusive ski and snowboard facilities. LAS Students are allowed to spend Tuesday and Thursday afternoons on the mountain for sports. Despite its name, around 12 per cent of students are from the US. Notable alumni: According to Bloomberg, alumni include members of Saudi Arabia’s royal family, the Rockefellers and Vanderbilts. Fees: Approx £66,700 per year Leysin American School

6/10 Institut auf dem Rosenberg With just 260 boarding pupils from over 40 countries, emphasis is placed on one-on-one time at the Institut auf dem Rosenberg. The school has a staff to student ratio of 1:4 and average class sizes of 8 students. Pupils can choose fromn one of five curricula, including British A level,s German Abitur and the Swiss Matura program. Notable alumni: Countless politicians and business leaders as well as international royalty – the school operates a strict privacy policy but most studenrts come from entrepreneurial families or are heirs to large businesses. Fees: £66,160 pa

7/10 Think Global School The world’s first “travelling high school” takes pupils to four different countries each year – allowing pupils to experience subjects out in the field. The school has one teacher for every three students and has a 100 per cent pass rate for the International Baccalaureate qualification. Notable alumni: The school is only seven years old, but will no doubt become a popular choice with the next generation of rock stars’ children. Fees: £63,980. Sliding-scale scholarships offered.

8/10 The American school in Switzerland (TASIS) The first US boarding school to be set up in Europe, TASIS lies on the Dollina d’Oro in the Swiss mountains. Fine art is central to the school curriculum and TASIS hosts its own Spring Arts Festival which attracts a number of famous artists and musicians each year. Notable alumni: American mountain climber Francys Arsentiev, Performer Jeanie Cunningham and Italian-American film director Francesca Gregorini Fees: £63,561 pa

9/10 Brillantmont, Switzerland A family-run, traditional Swiss school for 130 years, Brillantmont overlooks Lake Geneva and sits just a five-minute walk away from Lausanne. Brillantmont boasts that 100 per cent of its students continue their studies to higher education. Notable alumni: kept suspiciously on the down-low Fees: £52,010 - £59,680 pa Brillantmont, Switzerland

10/10 Hurtwood house, Surrey Hurtwood house, surrey Several of the best UK boarding schools top their fees around this mark. Set in an Edwardian mansion with 200 acres of grounds, Hurtwood House is one of the most unique. The school hosts just 340 pupils and is known for its focus on creativity and the arts – a recent school production of Chicago cost £75,000 to stage, according to Tatler. Notable alumni: Emily Blunt, Jack Huston, Hans Zimmer Fees: £39,555 pa

Eton College, which charges fees of more than £32,000 per year, appeared less favourably, however.

The elite boys’ boarding school – whose famous alumni include politicians and royals – was ranked 109th for STEM skills.

Lady Eleanor Holles, a girls’ independent school in southwest London, fell from 19th place nationally to 160th in the new tables.

Edwina Dunn, chairwoman of Your Life and chief executive of Starcount, which compiled the data, said the general league tables rewarded schools for grades rather than subjects, but modern rankings needed to measure how desirable pupils are for businesses and jobs.

(Your Life)

“The challenge of Brexit is upon us and the clock is ticking if we want to have the workforce we need to compete in the world," she said.

"School performance measurements should more closely reflect the skill requirements of the UK economy and reward subject expertise in the most demand skills areas."

The group has called for a "rethink" of how schools are assessed to give greater weight to the subjects that open up the most career prospects.

“There are schools up and down the country that are doing a great job in preparing their pupils for the job market today and in the future.”

Education Secretary Justine Greening avoids question of which expert backs more grammar schools

In 2011, around one fifth of the UK workforce was employed in science-based roles, equating to 5.8 million people.

This number is expected to rise to 7.1 million by the year 2030, placing increasing pressure on the younger generation to leave school equipped with STEM skills.

Launching an All Party Parliamentary Group enquiry earlier this year into how well schools prepare pupils for careers, cross-party MPs urged for the STEM skills gap to be addressed in light of the current global climate.

“Technological and business advances are made at an accelerated rate [and] young people must be provided with the ability to upskill and retrain to move fluidly between career sectors,” said the group’s chair, MP Danny Kinahan.

“If we fail to adequately prepare new generations for this shift, we risk stifling the entrepreneurial spirit and ambition that makes Britain internationally competitive and culturally vibrant.”

Responding to the new rankings, Heather Hanbury, Lady Eleanor Holles school headteacher, said the number of her pupils taking STEM subjects and achieving top grades was growing every year.

She told The Times: “In a school where well over 60 per cent of sixth formers take Stem subjects and where we are investing heavily in computing, robotics and technology, we believe the future for Stem at LEH is fantastic."

Eton College has been contacted for a response.


~_~


Day

6

Relive the Siege of The Alamo, when Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie held out heroically before finally succumbing to the overwhelming forces of General Santa Anna, in one of the most celebrated episodes of American history. Visit the preserved remains of the mission buildings - a shrine for all Americans - and spend another evening wandering along the River Walk as it snakes its way across the city.


~_~


Michael Gove says that if people who get degrees go on to earn well, they should pay something back (Report, 3 July). My daughter is almost 30, in her first postdoctoral job, earning real money at last. When she went to university she took out loans for fees only – we paid her rent, and she worked evenings and weekends to live. She then was on a scholarship through her master’s and PhD. She had a year out through illness, when she could claim nothing and lived on her credit card and overdraft. Finally she is a woman in science doing research into Zika and other viruses. She is earning enough to start paying back her loan and is happy to do so. But her monthly repayment only scrapes the surface of the capital debt. It is mostly paying the interest accrued over all those years of intense study. And that is a disgrace.

Janet Moore

Harleston, Norfolk

• Graduates already do pay back. First, by paying back their loans with interest. Second, by paying taxes, at higher rates if they earn well. Third, and most importantly, by their enormous contributions to the wellbeing of all in this country through their cultural, intellectual, financial and scientific skills and by their outstanding achievements in such professions as law, teaching, healthcare etc. Educating our young people in HEIs is an investment that pays off more obviously and significantly than the machinations of our ruling political classes.

Bernard Moxham

Cardiff

• Join the debate – email guardian.letters@theguardian.com

• Read more Guardian letters – click here to visit gu.com/letters


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Lewis Hamilton dominated the Chinese Grand Prix to reassert a measure of Mercedes supremacy over Ferrari, but although the record books will show he achieved the triple of pole position, fastest lap and victory, he was under pressure from Sebastian Vettel's Ferrari throughout the race.

"Hamilton won... but Vettel had the measure of him in pace – as he had when beating him at the first round in Melbourne – but was unlucky with pit stops behind the safety car and was held up when stuck behind his team-mate Kimi Raikkonen," says Giles Richards of The Guardian.

The pair traded fastest laps as they led from the front, and there appeared to be very little between the cars. "Ferrari's pace is quickly turning F1 2017 into a classic and the small print of their performance in Shanghai, a circuit where Mercedes traditionally excel, will have the world champions worried heading to Bahrain," says Sky Sports.

Over the final laps, when the two drivers were able to push their cars to the maximum, the statistics are striking. "Hamilton's outright pace was a smidgen better than Vettel's: a 1:35.378 compared to a 1:35.423. But it was Vettel who had the more consistent pace: while the Ferrari was in the 1:35s 14 times over the last 17 laps, Hamilton could only better 1:36 on ten occasions."

It seems that the German team have a true challenger this season.

"Mercedes find themselves locked in a battle with a Ferrari team whose car appears to be at least as fast, and Hamilton faces a fight with a rival who he truly respects as being close to an equal," says Andrew Benson of the BBC.

The scenario has been a long time coming for F1. "Probably 2010 was the most recent equivalent to what F1 has in 2017 – when Vettel and Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber, Alonso in a Ferrari, and Hamilton and Jenson Button in McLarens fought a five-way battle for much of the season," says Benson. "Before then, the breathless McLaren v Ferrari battles of 2007 and 2008 were the closest to what appears to be developing."

But could 2017 turn out to be a three horse race? Teenager Max Verstappen was the third driver on the podium after another sensational drive in his Red Bull.

Having started in 16th place, the Dutchman made up an incredible nine places on the first lap in wet conditions. He "has demonstrated his raw talent before, not least in Brazil last season, but his confidence and audacity and the excitement he generates when behind the wheel are quite inspiring and just what the sport needs", says the Guardian.

However, he will do well to keep pace with the two main contenders. "The 19-year-old's chance will surely come," says Phil Duncan of the Daily Telegraph. "[But] it looks as though it will have to wait for at least another year, for this season's championship is now almost certainly a straight shoot-out between Hamilton and Vettel."


~_~


Inaccurate forecasts, misleading football and an accidental Batman obituary in the pick of the best of the broadsheets’ cryptic clues

The news in clues

The pollsters may as well have used hepatoscopy. How did the crossword setters do? Sylvanus recalled the far-off days ...

21ac Those standing hope it will be comfortable for them (8)

... of a working MAJORITY; in another cryptic definition, Samuel offered some straightforward guidance for what to do ...

11d One’s cross to be penned in here (7,5)

... in the POLLING BOOTH; as far as I can see, the only actual prediction was from KCit ...

7ac Share vote (Labour’s third, out of it) (5)

[ synonym for ‘vote’ without (‘out of it’) the third letter of LABOUR ]

[ BALLOT without B ]

... in a psephologically inaccurate but still persuasive clue for BALLOT. So now cryptic setters must come to terms with the imminent loss of a prime minister whose surname, even more than BROWN, could be mistaken for non-prime ministerial things. From an auxiliary verb to a popular month, MAY was a gift for misdirection. Can the same be said of RUDD or FALLON? Of course not.

What setters need, looking across the parties, is one of the EAGLEs, Angela or Maria (both L) or perhaps Mhairi BLACK (SNP), Neil (SNP) or James (C) GRAY, Lyn (L), Nick (L) or Alan BROWN (SNP), or Chris (C), Kate (L) or Damian GREEN (C). Failing that, we would surely all be happy to see Prime Minister Kirstene HAIR. And do feel free to share your own favourite ambiguous MPs, from Liz TWIST to Tracey CROUCH below.

Because they can

We do not expect hidden messages in the Times crossword, aside perhaps from a significant birthday for whoever the current monarch might be, or some equally stately anniversary. So this was quite a surprise ...

... and inadvertently poignant, published exactly one week before the death of Adam West. The puzzle also featured that rara avis, the “prime numbers” clue:

17ac Manage surety in prime locations in dread (5)

Here we look at the letters of MANAGESURETY and take the second, third, fifth, seventh and eleventh (2, 3, 5, 7 and 11 being the first prime numbers) for the answer ANGST. This is a device seen far more often in the competition run at these pages – and is the topic of our next challenge. Reader, how would you clue PRIME?

Clueing competition

Many thanks for your clues for the new variant NUCULAR. I understood some solvers’ incredulity that this spelling should appear in, say, the Oxford English Dictionary – and the decision on the part of many to help the solver by alerting them to its quirkiness, nicely executed in GappyTooth’s “Popular science revision that should otherwise have been potentially unclear”.

The runners-up are Schroduck’s “Simply turning up in radium, lutetium, carbon, uranium, nitrogen?” and Obi23’s “Not Authorised Version of avuncular, bumbling Bush’s bomb?”; the winner is Catarella’s ingenious “Like a crazy president’s bomb, explosive supercritical plutonium should be separated from politics (ie Trump)”.

Kludos again to Catarella; please leave this fortnight’s entries and your pick of the broadsheet cryptics below.

Clue of the fortnight

And thanks to solver Tony Collman for nominating this Times clue ...

26ac Man United soon to control opening of game, sweeper claims (10)

[ synonym for ‘control’ + first letter (‘opening’) of GAME, both contained in synonym for ‘sweeper’ ]

[ RIDE + G, both inside BROOM ]

... with a consistent surface that consistently misdirects us from spotting the BRIDEGROOM. Score!


~_~


A Tesla Model S electric car is taken for a test drive at a Tesla car dealership in Sydney, Australia, May 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed

Tesla Inc's Model S did not get the top score in certain tests by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS), the agency said on Thursday.

Chevrolet Impala, Ford Motor Co's Taurus and Tesla's Model S were the three sedans that got "only an acceptable rating" in a test designed to simulate what happens when the front driver-side corner of a vehicle strikes a tree or another vehicle, the IIHS said.

Ford's Lincoln Continental, the Mercedes-Benz E-Class and Toyota Motor Corp's Avalon received the highest rating overall, the agency said.

In the test, the seat belt in Tesla's Model S was not effective and could lead to the driver's head striking the steering wheel hard through the air bag, according to the report.

Tesla's Model S received the highest rating in IIHS's crash testing in every category except one, the small overlap front crash test, where it received the second highest rating available, a Tesla spokesperson said in an email.

"IIHS and dozens of other private industry groups around the world have methods and motivations that suit their own subjective purposes," the spokesperson said.

Tesla said the most objective and accurate independent vehicle safety test is done by the U.S. government, which found Model S and Model X to have the lowest probability of injury of any cars that it has ever tested.

In order to get the top IIHS rating, automakers must have a frontal crash prevention system with automatic braking capabilities to prevent a rear-end collision.

The vehicles must stop or slow down without driver intervention before hitting a target in tests at 12 or 25 miles per hour among other factors, IIHS said.

Toyota said in a statement it is committed to developing safe and reliable vehicles.

General Motors Co declined to comment, while Ford and Mercedes were not immediately available for comment.

The IIHS is a research arm of the insurance industry, and its crash tests are increasingly influential in guiding vehicle safety design. Automakers strive for top ratings in IIHS tests as they do on federal crash tests.

(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Gopakumar Warrier)


~_~


A third of home buyers moving to their second home expect to go cap in hand to those around them to borrow more than £21,200, despite half of those having already received financial support for their first property worth an average of just over £21,500.

Despite easing lending conditions, research from Lloyds Bank suggests rising property prices mean thousands of so-called second steppers say they wouldn’t be able to make their next move up the home-owning ladder without financial support from family and friends.

As well as using equity from their current property and plundering their savings, one in five second steppers one in five will go to parents, almost one in ten will ask grandparents for money to fund their property and more than one in 20 would even ask friends for help.

The price difference between a typical first-time-buyer home and a second stepper’s ideal home – typically a detached property – is £126,000. However, the average equity level of £105,068 from the sale of their first home can help to reduce this gap by 83 per cent, meaning that second steppers need only add an extra £21,005 to their existing mortgage.

Without that help, more than a third of second steppers say they wouldn’t be able to make their next move. However, of those who require financial help from their parents, almost half believe that their parents have had to make sacrifices in order to help them move up the property ladder.

But movers are also planning to make sacrifices to sell their first home and achieve their second property aims, including having children later in life, having fewer children than they had originally planned and even changing their career.

“Parental support continues to play a vital role in helping young people to get on the property ladder. It is clear that despite improved conditions for this part of the housing market, second steppers will still rely on the “Bank of Mum and Dad”, with hard-pressed parents being once again called on for financial help,” says Andy Mason, mortgage director at Lloyds Bank.

“However, it is encouraging to see many second steppers planning ahead by overpaying their mortgage and making bigger contributions into savings accounts to prepare for when the perfect home becomes available.”

Despite that, a quarter of second steppers report the second jump is harder than getting on the bottom rung, due to a lack of affordable, family-sized properties on the market, the cost of stamp duty and potential changes to interest rates.

They are right to be concerned.

The base interest rate – set by the Bank of England, and used by mortgage providers as a key component in calculating the cost of home loans – has been at a “once in a generation” low for eight years.

In that time the average UK property price has risen by more than 40 per cent, the equivalent of £60,000. In hotspots like Cambridge, prices have doubled in that time and in the capital, the average property has broken through the £500,000 barrier, figures from online estate agent HouseSimple.com suggest.

Galloping prices have pushed buyers to the very edges of their finances and beyond, but with the benefit of historically low monthly costs as base rates dropped to 0.5 per cent in 2009 and then to 0.25 per cent last summer.

That may all be about to change however, as the records from the latest Monetary Policy Committee meeting, the group that decides the base rate each month shows growing numbers of members are now in favour of increasing the rate as a result of the most up-to-date economic data.

It could mean an interest rate rise for the first time in around 100 months, something many would-be second steppers have never known, such is the length of time the base rate has been so low.

At the same time, property prices appear to be moving away from the fundamental drivers that push them up with alarming speed.

The Lendy Property Pulse index, which tracks property prices against key factors affecting them, such as average weekly earnings, employment levels, mortgage lending, interest rates and how many new properties are being built, has gone up by 17 per cent in the last two years while property prices have typically increased by 20 per cent.

All this points to what we already knew, that property prices are out of reach for most would-be buyers and movers. For those who have stretched themselves more than is comfortable, with large loans from both formal and informal sources, that chicken is in all likelihood about to come home to roost.

And with the latest data suggesting prices are now beginning to fall, fears over negative equity – another phenomenon that many first- and second-time buyers will have no experience of – are also beginning to increase.

In that case, second steppers may find scraping together the deposit for their next big move with help from their parents is the least of their problems.

Looking for credit card or current account deals? Search here


~_~


★☆☆☆☆

In 1942 the US War Department wrote a handbook for American soldiers in Britain, a sort of beginner’s guide to Britain (or, as it would inevitably have been called in this nostalgia-fest show, Blighty). It advised them of the peculiarities of the British and would have been essential reading for soldiers who would never have been outside their small town, much less the country.

We know about this small book only because a curator in the Bodleian Library rediscovered it in 2005 and it was then republished. The director, John Walton, stumbled across it, a memento Anglia circa 1942, in a bookshop and thought it was such an “endearing snapshot” of England that it deserved to be made into a show, roping in the Fringe-tastic…


~_~


The latest instalment of the simian movie saga War for the Planet of the Apes is due out in a couple of weeks' time and critics are already predicting it will be one of the biggest – and darkest – blockbuster hits of the summer.

The sequel to 2014's Dawn of the Planet of the Apes and the third instalment in the Planet of the Apes reboot movie series, War sees Andy Serkis's chimp leader Caesar forced into a deadly conflict against the humans, led by Woody Harrelson's brutal Colonel.

After the apes suffer terrible losses, Caesar confronts the Colonel, with each determined to take control of the destiny of their species and the future of the planet.

Critics have hailed Serkis's memorable performance as Caesar and say the movie is a triumph of storytelling and spectacle.

Todd McCarthy in the Hollywood Reporter says that thanks to War, the Apes film trilogy "clicks from beginning to end". Its success, says the critic, is rooted in Andy Serkis's "indelible performance as a reluctant rebel leader", along with splendid special effects and "a shrewd racial/political thematic thread".

The "sheer beauty of the film is intense", adds McCarthy. He praises the cinematography for "intoxicatingly" capturing the world around the apes and says the story "dares to be morally complex instead of reductive for blockbuster audiences".

Pete Hammond on Deadline Hollywood urges even those who are not fans of the genre to go.

"This is a film that stands on its own and will blow you away," says Hammond, who calls War "a dazzling, thrilling and mind-reeling experience from start to finish".


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


Terry Clune’s Succeed in Ireland is in a dispute with the IDA over the relative success of a job creation scheme LAURA HUTTON/PHOTOCALL IRELAND

The IDA has paid out almost €3.5 million in fees to ConnectIreland, the contractor it is embroiled in a longstanding dispute with, according to its chief executive.

ConnectIreland, founded by entrepreneur Terry Clune in 2012, and the state development agency are in conflict over the administration of the Succeed in Ireland job creation scheme.

Under the scheme, which was set up at the height of the recession, members of the public — and of the diaspora in particular — were encouraged to introduce potential foreign investors to Ireland in exchange for a cash reward.

The dispute is over the number of jobs created by the scheme. ConnectIreland claimed 1,046 jobs had been created with a further 1,300 in the pipeline. IDA Ireland has verified only…


~_~


The Italian electorate has rejected a major constitutional reform in a national referendum, precipitating the resignation of the Prime Minister Matteo Renzi.

Many eyes have turned to the weak Italian banking sector for market reaction.

The share price of Italy’s third largest bank Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena (BMPS) fell sharply when the stock market opened.

The other major listed Italian banks – Unicredit, UBI, Banco Popolare, Mediobanca and Intesa Sanpaolo – are also now trading considerably lower.

Going down

Reuters Eikon

Is Italy facing a new financial crisis? Are traders now assuming Italy will leave the single currency?

We answer the big questions below.

What is wrong with Italy’s banks?

The fundamental problem is that the sector was never properly restructured and recapitalised in the wake of the global financial meltdown and the subsequent eurozone crisis.

The result is that these banks are now weighed down by a heap of “non-performing loans” with a nominal value of around €360bn – around 16 per cent of the total of all their assets.

Low interest rates from the European Central Bank and the extreme weakness of the Italian economy in recent years have also damaged the banks’ profitability.

They upshot is that they urgently need to be recapitalised – either with private or public funds. Monte dei Paschi had planned to begin a €5bn capital raising process this week.

The size of the total capital hole in the Italian banking sector is estimated by Citi at between €20bn and €40bn, or between 1.2 and 2.4 per cent of Italian GDP.

Why does the Italian referendum result matter to any of this?

Because the government is a central actor in the bank recapitalisation drama.

The Renzi government had been walking a political and economic tightrope in recent years. It needs to help recapitalise the banks for the good of the wider economy, but eurozone rules mean all banks can only be bailed out with public money if private bondholders are first “bailed in”, meaning these debt investors have to take losses.

This is to ensure private lenders to banks do not get a backdoor public bailout when banks fail, as happened in many Western countries in 2008/09, prompting great public anger.

The problem in Italy is that several banks flogged around €30bn of their subordinated bonds to ordinary Italian households, rather than just sophisticated institutional investors such as pension funds and insurance companies. Subordinated, or junior, bonds are first in line for losses in the event of a bail-in.

And according to the IMF retail investors also hold a third of the total €600bn of bank bonds.

These vulnerable households – though relatively small in number – stand to take disastrous and politically-explosive losses in the event of a bondholder bail-in.

The government has been working to avoid this outcome, while also putting the banks on a stronger financial footing.

The Renzi strategy has been to encourage the banks to raise new funds privately first, but if this fails, to prepare to undertake a bail-in recapitalisation with special protection for small investors.

On top of this, the Renzi government has been the sponsor of a scheme to package up and sell off the questionable debt on Italian banks’ balance sheets at a major discount to other private investors.

So the government can’t help now?

The fall of the Renzi government means this whole delicate bank support strategy is now up in the air.

Without a political backstop some analysts think stricken banks like Monte Dei Paschi could struggle to raise new private capital.

“The No result in the referendum has undoubtedly made it harder to attract private sector capital to fill Monte dei Paschi’s gaping capital hole,” said Kathleen Brooks of City Index.

“The risk is that investors lose faith that it will be able to do this, which triggers a run on the bank and a full-blown financial crisis.”

So why have the share prices not totally collapsed?

Largely because the referendum result and the fall of the Renzi government was “priced in” by the financial markets already.

Opinion polls two weeks ago had pointed to the likely rejection of the reforms.

And the share prices of Italian banks had already been falling sharply.

The sector as a whole has lost nearly half its stock market capitalisation this year.

Already punished

Reuters Eikon

So what will happen now?

Many analysts predict a caretaker government will be appointed by the Italian President and that this government will still be led by Renzi’s Democratic Party, possibly by the current finance minister Pier Carlo Padoan.

This administration could carry on with the previous bank recapitalisation strategy – although there can be no certainty about this.

Economists at Citi point out that Italian banks hold €400bn of Italian government bonds.

They warn that if traders mark down the value of these bonds in the coming weeks due to renewed political and economic uncertainty, it could prompt further falls in Italian banks' stock prices, creating a "vicious spiral" of lower bank lending and weaker GDP growth.

“Italy's financial markets, its underfunded banks and its overall economy could suffer unless Italy resolves its political crisis fast,” said Holger Schmieding of Berenberg.

What if the new government falls?

The most dangerous scenario for Italian bank investors is if there are early elections and the populist Five Star movement manages to form a government.

Five Star, which is currently the second most popular party and which campaigned strongly for the "no" vote in the referendum, wants to hold a referendum on Italy’s membership of the eurozone.

There are big instutitional obstacles to any of this happening – but if Italy voted to leave the single currency the ramifications would not only be disastrous for Italian banks but the entire eurozone.


~_~


If the idea of walking ‘over’ water appeals, pay a visit to Sandals Grande St Lucian. This fabulous resort has just unveiled nine bungalows which come with glass floor panels looking down onto the gently lapping Caribbean sea.

They are a design feat, blending the boho beach vibe with a streamline and contemporary style.

Ceilings are vaulted, there is a smart TV and custom crafted king-size beds are adorned with soft linens and plush pillows for a great night’s sleep.

The bathrooms, kitted out with Molton Brown toiletries, are equipped with his and hers sinks, a large backlit mirror with mosaic tile and a walk-in rain shower.

Outside, the private patio has an extended sun deck, soaking tub, shower, sun loungers and over-water hammocks.

The resort sits in a secluded spot, on its own peninsula cradled to the west by Rodney Bay and to the east by the Atlantic Ocean.

A truly luxury experience, celebrities and Instagram gurus are flocking to the bungalows for a healthy dose of escapism. Indeed, this is the stuff Insta dreams are made of.

Bungalows come with the 24-hour Butler Elite service, which handles every detail of the holiday from arranging candle-light dinners on the beach, breakfast in bed with Champagne mimosas or a private cabana on the beach. Our butlers Karen and Michael went out of their way to make us feel at home and made the overall experience really special. Expect surprises in your bungalow or at dinner, from coconuts with your name inscribed in them to very impressive towel art.

There are 12 restaurants on site with international cuisines from Italy, the UK, Jamaica, India and the Orient. From fine dining with white-glove service to the laid-back atmosphere of beachside barefoot, there is something for every occasion. The Bombay Club is a delicious and authentic Indian restaurant while Kimonos serves Japanese cuisine in true theatrical style with the chef preparing dinner in the round.

Red Lane Spa is a relaxing retreat where classic European rituals are reinterpreted with a Caribbean flair. You can have treatments outside or even on the beach if you book in advance.

The hotel works with specialist tour operators who can offer great excursions, from dolphin and whale watching to a Pitons cruise or Soufriere Fountain of Youth trip. Check out islandroutes.co.uk for an extensive list.

However, despite the beautiful surroundings you may not want to leave the resort and there is always something to do with watersports, including snorkelling, scuba diving, paddle-boarding and canoeing, as part of the package. There is nightly entertainment as well such as a Saint Lucian street party or quiz shows featuring hotel guests.

Fronting one of the island’s most enviable beaches with panoramic views of the volcanic mountains, there are five pools in the grounds.

This takes sunny escapism to new heights.

Booking details: Fights to St Lucia take just over 11 hours from London Gatwick with return British Airways tickets starting at around £500. On arrival at the airport, you will be delighted to see the Sandals lounge with a private transfer service available.

Seven nights staying at Sandals Grande St Lucian in an Over the Water Private Island Butler Honeymoon Bungalow costs from £5825pp. Price includes Luxury Included (all-inclusive) accommodation, Butler Elite Service, 24 hour room service, return economy flights from London Gatwick and resort transfers. The price is based on select travel dates departing 28th November 2017. To book visit sandals.co.uk, call 0800 597 0002 or pop down to the new sandals Luxury Travel Store at 135 Fulham Road, London.

Follow Amira Hashish on Twitter @amiranews and Instagram @thedesigneditor


~_~


“Fried pizza is Woman,” Isabella De Cham tells me boldly as she drops a half-moon pizza pocket into a bubbling fryer and I watch it rapidly double in size. “It’s always been made by women, that’s why we say ‘pizza fritta è donna’.” I’ve come to visit her at 1947 Pizza Fritta, a small eatery located near the city’s train station, to learn more about this cultural and culinary phenomenon – not fried pizza, but female pizza makers.

Enter any pizzeria in the historic centre of Naples and you’re sure to observe a crew of men kneading, stretching, tossing and baking superlative pies for throngs of hungry customers. Pizza in Naples is not only a source of epicurean pleasure and national pride; it is regarded as a veritable art form, one that is vying to be included in Unesco’s “Intangible Heritage” List (results to be announced in early 2018).

With hundreds of establishments striving to be recognised as the best in the city, it’s hard to stand out from the crowd, but one thing is certain about the competition: it’s dominated by men. But after watching Sophia Loren fry up pizzas in Vittorio De Sica’s L’Oro di Napoli, I knew this wasn’t just a man’s trade and, thus inspired, had set off in search of her modern heirs.

Isabella de Cham has been awarded the title of Pizza Champion ( Livia Hengel )

At 24, Isabella is already considered one of the best pizza makers in Naples and has been compared to Sophia Loren’s character for her superlative creations. Her favourite variant, which features smoked provolone cheese from Sorrento, cacciocavallo, rucola and lemon zest, even landed her the title of Pizza Champion at the Campionato Nazionale Pizza DOC in Nocera last year.

“Traditionally pizza margherita was considered a luxury because mozzarella was costly. And standing in front of an oven was an arduous task – so it was the man’s job. Fried pizza instead used common ingredients, ricotta and fatty pork bits, and was smaller in size so it was easier for feminine hands to fold,” she explains as she opens her palms. They are indeed nimble: perfect for kneading and folding the small pies.

And Isabella isn’t the only woman causing a stir. In an era of celebrity chefs, there are naturally plenty of celebrity pizzaioli, but one is particularly conspicuous. Blonde, bubbly and often outfitted in a flowing peasant blouse, Teresa Iorio isn’t your traditional Neapolitan pizza maker. She is the first woman to win the Trofeo Caputo Pizza Championship, earning her the title of Worldwide Champion Pizzaiola – an achievement that is proudly documented in photos hanging on the walls of her pizzeria, Le Figlie di Iorio.

“My father was a pizzaiolo and my mother made fried pizzas on the weekends,” Teresa, who opened her restaurant in 2006, tells me. “My love for pizza came from my father. You see, I am the 19th of 20 children and I started making pizza when I was 12 to help out the family and lessen his load.”

She is proud of her heritage and credits her success to the secret recipe she’s inherited. “It was an enormous satisfaction to win the Trofeo Caputo Championship in 2015 and be recognised for my pizza, a tradition I’ve carried over from my father,” she says. Now Teresa wants to share that tradition, with ambitions to give back to the local community by creating employment opportunities for women.

“I want to dedicate my work to others, it’s my biggest desire,” she says, sliding a pizza into the burning wood-fire oven. She is collaborating with the highly successful Neapolitan Rossopomodoro restaurant chain to make fried pizzas at their waterfront location and hopes to expand her brand, “femmena e fritta” (female and fried), in order to train and hire women in her image.

Pizza making is a woman’s work at Le Figlie di Iorio (Livia Hengel)



“I’m a feminist,” she says. “I love women, and too many are disadvantaged and in need. My hope and dream is to teach women my trade and give them the opportunity to work.” In her own establishment, Teresa practises what she preaches – she employs two of her sisters and a niece.

Another up and coming pizzaiola, Maria Cacialli, also began her career young – very young. “I began [my training] in my mother’s womb,” she says. “My mother and my father met in a pizzeria and I was practically born on bags of flour. Making pizza was always my dream and it will remain so for all of my life. I have it in my DNA.”

Her pizzeria, La Figlia del Presidente (The Daughter of the President), is an homage to her father Ernesto Cacialli, who famously handed a pizza to former US President Bill Clinton in 1994 and promptly became immortalised as “The President’s Pizzaiolo”.

Maria Cacialli is the only woman in a team of 20 pizza makers ( Livia Hengel )

I ask Maria if she finds it difficult to be a woman in a world dominated by men, and she chuckles knowingly. “The difficulties are every day,” she says. “I work alongside 20 men, including my husband and son; it’s not easy for a woman to make space for herself and command attention. But I am very tenacious and strong, I’m always able to overcome the odds.”

Why doesn’t she hire other women to work alongside her? “Women have a mind of their own,” she laughs, “I prefer working with men… they’re easier to control.”

Travel essentials

Getting there

British Airways (ba.com), EasyJet (easyjet.com), Monarch (monarch.co.uk), Alitalia (alitalia.com), Air France (airfrance.co.uk) and Meridiana (meridiana.it) fly to Naples from major UK airports, with flights starting at around £110 return.

Staying there

The charming Hotel Piazza Bellini (hotelpiazzabellini.com), located in the buzzing Piazza Bellini neighborhood, is a comfortable, modern hotel housed in a fifth century palazzo. Doubles from €100, B&B. Book Now

More information

napoliunplugged.com

visitnaples.eu


~_~


Christmas is a time for giving, a time for receiving and - in various parts of the world - a time for tossing shoes, roller-skating to church and feasting on KFC.

Here are the strangest Christmas traditions from around the world:

Finland: A festive sauna

The peak of Finnish Christmas celebrations comes on Christmas Eve, when Finns head to the sauna to strip off and relax before the evening festivities. But they have to be quick: according to folklore, the spirits of dead ancestors bathe in the sauna after the early Nordic sunset.

India: Christmas banana trees

Given the lack of pine trees in India, it is traditional for families to decorate a banana or mango tree in much the same way. The 25 million Christians in India often decorate their houses with Mango leaves and place oil-burning lamps on their roof-tops, symbolising the light of Jesus.

Czech Republic: Shoe tossing for a husband

A Christmas Eve custom invites single Czech women to stand with their backs to the front door and remove a shoe. They hurl it over their shoulder towards the door, and how it lands will predict their romantic prospects for the year. If the toe of the shoe faces the door, the thrower is destined to marry. If it's the heel, it's another painful 12-month wait.

Ukraine: Web-savvy Christmas

The traditional Ukrainian Christmas tree is draped not with tinsel and baubles, but with spiders webs - or in most cases, an artificial substitute. The tradition grew up around the legend of a family so poor that their tree would have gone bare, had it not been for a spider spinning a beautiful web over it in time for Christmas morning.

Japan: Kentucky Fried Christmas

Over the past few years, it has become customary for the Japanese to tuck into a festive feast of KFC on Christmas Day. Thanks to a successful advertising campaign, KFC branches throughout Japan report that families will queue around the block to pick up their battered thighs and wings. It has now become so popular that orders for the KFC Christmas Party Barrel are taken as early as October.

Venezuela: Christmas roller-skating

Every year between 16 and 24 December in Caracas, Venezuela, roads are closed to traffic to let people roller-skate to the early morning Christmas mass. On their way, skaters will tug on the ends of long pieces of string tied by children to their big toes and dangled out of the window.

Netherlands: Black Peter

Every November in the Netherlands, Father Christmas - or Sinterklaas, as he's know to the Dutch - arrives from Spain by steamship, bringing with him an escort of Zwarte Pieten (Black Peters), all with blackened faces, red lips and curly hair. The role of the Black Peters is to assist Santa and perform impressive acrobatic feats to amaze the children who turn out to see them every year. The tradition has led to controversy, with the UN condemning it as “a throwback to slavery”, although its supporters insist that it's a harmless Christmas tradition.

Norway: Edible logs

In Norway, families will burn a 'Yule log' in a tradition that dates back to the ancient Norse celebration of the return of the sun at winter solstice. The Norse believed that the Earth was heated by a huge wheel of fire (the Sun), which rolled closer or further away as the year progressed. Norwegians are also partial to edible Yule logs - a traditional dessert made of rolled-up sponge cake that resembles a tree trunk.

Mexico: Processions and piñatas

In Mexico, from 16 December to Christmas Eve, children often perform the 'posadas' – a series of nine processions to re-enact the part of the Christmas story where Joseph and Mary go in search of somewhere to stay. On the final night of the posadas, a Church service is held featuring food, games and fireworks. One game that recurs is the smashing of a piñata – a decorated clay or papier-mâché container filled with sweets and hung from the ceiling or tree branch. To play the game, children are blind-folded and take turns hitting the piñata with a stick until it breaks open pouring its contents (usually sweets or other treats) onto the floor.

Spain: Caga Tio the Catalan poop log

Caga Tio is a hollowed-out log with a happy face and legs, which must be fed with goodies such as sweets, candies and nuts in the run-up to Christmas. On Christmas Eve, families put him by the fire and beat him softly with a stick until he's pooped out all the goodies. The last thing to come out is normally a garlic bulb, onion or maybe even a salt herring. During the beating, families often sing a song like this to encourage the log: "Poop log, poop nougats, hazelnuts and cottage cheese, if you don't poop well, I'll hit you with a stick, poop log!"

Belarus: Rooster rules

Christmas is a time for singletons to have their fortunes told by a rooster in the former Soviet state of Belarus.

Traditionally, every festive season, the single women of a town have grains of corn laid out in front of them and a rooster from a nearby farm is placed among them. Whoever's corn is eaten first will be the next one to get married.

In another strange tradition aimed at keeping spinsters occupied, married women in Belarus lord it over their unattached friends by hiding items around their house for them to hunt, imploring the singletons to search high and low. If they find bread, they're destined to marry a rich man, a ring means they're in line to marry a handsome man - assuming the married women haven't snapped up all the wealthiest and attractive men in town.


~_~


Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

People walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

A member of the police works at the scene where a number of cars burnt down overnight at a Porsche dealership ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

German police walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist is detained by police following his arrival at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist carries a poster as he arrives at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

Among the 100,000 protesters expected in the city, some 8,000 are deemed by security forces to be ready to commit violence, posing a challenge for those tasked with securing the July 7-8 summit of leaders of the world's 20 biggest economies.

There has been no significant violence at several smaller demonstrations in the city this week, including a march on Wednesday by more than 7,000 beer-drinking mainly young revellers holding placards denouncing capitalism and G20 leaders.

But a fire overnight at a Porsche car dealer in the north of the city that damaged eight vehicles could be a foretaste of what's to come. Police said they were investigating whether it was an arson attack.

"There is no concrete evidence to link the incident to the G20 summit," a police spokesman told Reuters. "But we assume this is the case."

Locals are unhappy with Chancellor Angela Merkel's decision to hold the summit in the centre of Germany's second-largest city as they fear property damage by violent protesters. Their daily routines are also being disrupted by security measures.

Up to 20,000 police officers will be on duty to watch over the main demonstration, dubbed "Welcome to Hell" by the alliance of anti-capitalist groups who organised it. Protesters have said they will try to block roads in the city.

Merkel took a big gamble in deciding to host the summit, where leaders will hold talks on difficult issues from trade and climate change to African development, in the city of her birth.

Should the protests go awry, her reputation could be damaged less than three months before an election in which she is seeking a fourth term.

To air the locals' disenchantment, Hamburg-based soft drinks maker Fritz Kola has launched a poster advertising campaign featuring a portrait of Trump snoozing. A caption reads: "Wake up, man! Fritz Kola. Lots of caffeine".

Protesters say the G20 has failed to solve many of the issues threatening world peace, including climate change, rising inequality and violent conflicts.

'EGOISTIC LEADER'

Tens of thousands will gather at the fish market in the borough of St Pauli - known for its red light district - at 1400 GMT, around the same time as Air Force One is due to land in Hamburg. They will then march north to the heavily secured summit venue.

"It's ridiculous that police say some of us are violent when starting tomorrow the leaders of the world's largest weapon exporting and importing nations will be arriving in our city," said Stefan Hubert, a 32-year-old graphic designer who came to the protest on Wednesday with three friends.

Holding a placard reading 'Make love great again!' he added: "This summit is a waste of money that could be better spent on deploying more boats to stop migrants fleeing war and hunger from drowning in the Mediterranean."

Turkish-German protester Fatima Cicek said she and her two sisters came to the demonstration on Wednesday to make the point that the G20 is undemocratic as it is a forum where a handful of leaders make decisions that could impact the whole world.

But her main issue is with Trump.

"He is the most disruptive and egotistic leader at the summit," the veiled 38-year-old social worker said.

There is an irony in the protesters' dislike of Trump. The U.S. president and anti-capitalist activists have something in common: distrust of globalisation.

Yet Trump is in Hamburg to push for trade rules that benefit America, including steel makers facing tough competition from China, while the protesters are here to demand more rights for the poor regardless of where they live.

"Trump is here to promote his own interests and those of the richest people in America," said Cicek. "We are demanding more rights for the millions of people in Africa who have no roof over their heads."

(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Toby Chopra)


~_~


If you work in the public sector, we’d like you to share your thoughts and experiences of the decade-long cap on pay increases

Ministers are calling on the public sector pay cap to be reconsidered, after a new report found median hourly earnings of UK workers dropped in real terms by almost 6% between 2005 and 2015, with some sectors suffering worse drops than others.



Labour said the figures were highly significant, damning evidence of “the harsh and unfair reality of the Tories’ pay freeze on hard-working public sector workers”, whose earnings are decided by the government in contrast to those in the private sector.

Pay rises for five million public sector workers are set by independent pay review bodies, but have been capped at 1% since 2013, before which there was a two-year freeze on pay for all but the lowest-paid workers.

The teaching profession has seen average pay fall by £3 an hour in real terms and police officers by £2 an hour, while the wages of nurses have stagnated during a decade of public sector salary freezes. Police officers saw a median real earnings fall from £20 an hour to £18 an hour, and prison officers saw median real earnings fall from £16 an hour to £15 an hour over the same period.

The issue of public sector pay is expected to come to a head at a meeting of the cabinet on Tuesday morning, after signals from a series of influential ministers, including Boris Johnson, Jeremy Hunt, Justine Greening and Michael Gove.



Share your experiences

If you work in the public sector, we’d like you to tell us how the pay freeze has affected your life.

You can fill in the form below and we’ll use a selection of responses in our reporting. We will keep your information as secure as possible.


~_~


Uber is pulling its primary service out of Finland as it waits for a law that will deregulate the taxi market to be passed.

The cab firm, which exclusively operates in the nation’s capital Helsinki, is suspending its UberPop service, which allows any driver to sign up and offer unlicensed taxi trips.

“We want to ensure that we do not pose drivers who use our app or our employees any unnecessary issues, especially now that we have a bright future to look forward to. We believe that the best way to do so and focus on the future is to pause UberPop and relaunch in the summer of 2018,” said Joel Järvinen, Uber’s country manager for Finland, in a blog post on Thursday.

“While we are looking forward to the reforms coming into effect, we have decided it is best to pause UberPop from 15 August until the new regulations allow a better environment,” Järvinen added.

Uber’s luxury licensed service, UberBlack, will continue operating in the Finnish capital Helsinki, and Jarvinen said the company is committed to supporting the hundreds of drivers who would no longer be able to make money with UberPop.

Uber is legal in Finland provided its drivers hold valid taxi licences, but the company has been the target of police investigations and drivers have been ordered to give up their earnings to the state for not having valid taxi permits.

Once the new law comes into effect, drivers will still need permits but annual permit quotas and fare restrictions will be removed, which could help new entrants to the market.

Helsinki district court last week ordered Jarvinen’s assets to be confiscated until police conclude an investigation into whether Uber operates an illegal taxi service in Finland.

UberPop is at the heart of many of the company’s legal troubles around the world, since it is the main service that allows unlicensed and unregulated drivers to operate on the platform. It has already been forced out of multiple European cities, including Paris, Brussels and Berlin, and for those locales where demand isn’t high enough to support a licensed option, it has resulted in the company abandoning the place entirely: Frankfurt, Hamburg and Düsseldorf lost their Uber service in 2015, as a result of a German ban on UberPop.

In the UK, where unlicensed taxi operations are strictly against the law and carry a £1,000 fine for drivers caught offering illegal services, UberPOP has never been offered, and Uber drivers must carry a minicab licence – although the company has faced criticism for allowing drivers to work in cities other than the one they hold a licence for.


~_~


If you’re really serious about competitive running, there are companies that test your DNA to determine your sporting potential. But does it work?

Growing up, I was always the dumpy, unsporty one. Matt, my older brother, was the skinny one who did the running, jumping and anything requiring quickness and coordination. He seemed to excel with ease while I laboured away on a sluggish course towards sub-mediocrity. This pattern lasted until our late teens when Matt, being older, beat me to booze. While he was away on a year-long, round-the-world bender, I took up running — with a vengeance. It was time to turn the tables.



By the time Matt got back, I’d joined the local running club and was training every day. It turned out that becoming a competent runner didn’t require special talent, just lots of miles – driven on by the sense I was outrunning my former, slouchy self. Matt, visibly shaken by my transformation, threw himself into training to catch up – stymied by his three-kilo beer belly.



'The biggest shock is my aerobic potential, rated "low". OK, I'm no Mo Farah, but but surely my aerobic capacity is at least middling'

We’ll skip the gory details – the dozens of races where I beat Matt with ease – and fast-forward to 2012. I had been training consistently for six years by now. Matt was swiftly catching up, but I still had a clear edge in any race of more than10 miles, so I decided to step up to the marathon. After putting in the hardest three months’ training of my life, I came away with a shiny new PB of 2hr 28 min 46 sec.

The point is not to revel in my glory. My time was decent club standard but hardly impressive against “proper” British marathoners, let alone African elites. The point is, it was amazing for me, given my widely presumed lack of ability. If only I had realised sooner that I had the potential …



Imagine someone had tested my genes as a podgy kid and told me: don’t worry, you’re an athlete inside, it’s only your Sherbet Dip Dab habit holding you back. What wonderful reassurance and motivation that would have been. But wait. What if they had looked at my results and said: sorry, it’s not through lack of effort that you are sub-mediocre – it’s down to your DNA. What then?



I was intrigued to find companies offering to do just that – test my DNA to determine my sporting potential. Could it really work? I decided to find out.



I got in touch with DNAFit, the leading provider, and asked if they would blind-test my DNA plus a few other samples. To my surprise, they said yes. A call to some friends with connections in elite sport secured a sample from a multi-Olympian and world champion runner (on condition I wouldn’t reveal his identity) — let’s call him Mr Swift — and another from pro cyclist James McLaughlin. If their results tallied with their achievements, I figured, DNA testing would be worth taking notice of.



Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mr Swift’s ‘medium’ result

A few weeks later the results were in. Swift’s read as follows: “Aerobic potential: medium”, which qualified as “an intermediate VO2max tendency”. Yet according to his physiologist, Swift’s VO2max is “above 77” – quite definitely not an intermediate score. Furthermore, the report deems his power/endurance profile as favouring power over endurance by a ratio of 70/30. Swift is one of the greatest endurance runners in the history of the sport. His injury risk, marked “medium”, is also at odds with the actual evidence. “He has had many, many injuries,” his physiologist confides. “I’d say his injury risk is untypically high.”



McLaughlin’s results are similarly at odds with his track record: his aerobic potential is rated “medium”, with a slight tendency towards power over endurance. “It doesn’t ring true at all,” McLaughlin tells me. “My VO2max is very high, nearly 82, and I’m a pure endurance rider – I fare far better in long, sustained efforts than in sprints.”



My own results also suggest a predisposition towards power rather than endurance, 56/47. This flies in the face of my running experience: I am hopeless at shorter, power-based events; the longer the race, the better I do (relative to others). The biggest shock is my aerobic potential, rated “low”. OK, I’m no Mo Farah, but surely my aerobic capacity is at least middling, or how could I have run a sub-2hr 30min marathon?



I owe it to DNAFit to give them a chance to explain – after all, they have been generous in blind-testing samples, opening themselves up to journalistic scrutiny. The company’s head of sport science is the former Olympic sprinter Craig Pickering, to whom I reveal the disparities between our results and our sporting track records.



“You almost certainly can’t use genes to tell who will be a good athlete or not a good athlete,” he responds. “There is no talent identification use in this.”

Fair enough, but our world-class marathon runner was rated as having “medium” aerobic potential.

“That’s a great example of how you can’t use genetics to tell you what sport you’ll be good at.”

OK, fine, so what can genetic testing tell us?



“What the tests and reports do is give you information on which to base your training, to have a better informed programme.”

Citing one DNAFit-supported study on a small group of athletes, Pickering says that the results provide enough information to guide training, either towards power (short, sharp) or endurance (longer, slower) sessions. This insight, he says, relates to genetically determined trainability – rate of fitness gain – rather than aptitude. Yet this wasn’t the impression I had been given by the reports, covered as they are with the word “potential”.

I stress my concern to Pickering that, had I received my apparently bleak results as a newcomer to running, my athletic ambitions might have been crushed. But he thinks I am missing the subtleties. “Because you have a low aerobic potential … we have options, we can fine-tune and target other areas like movement economy and efficiency.”

Low aerobic potential? We know that marathoners rely on their aerobic capacity, so surely this implies that my prospects were limited. “No, that isn’t what it means,” he replies. “I accept that ‘potential’ does imply that. The title should be changed. I often call it your aerobic trainability.”

By by this point, I have to admit, I am erring towards unconvinced. My scepticism deepens when I read the Athlome Project’s consensus statement on direct-to-consumer (DTC) DNA tests:

“The information provided by DTC is virtually meaningless for prediction and/or optimisation of sport performance. There is currently no evidence that existing genetic tests provide information that is useful regarding either predisposition for a particular sport, prediction of the training response likely to occur to a particular training programme, or predisposition to exercise-related injury.”

Athlome’s founder, Professor Yannis Pitsiladis, is even more damning: “These results are pointless, throw them away. There are no grounds for any of it.”



According to Pitsiladis, although there is vast, exciting scope for genetics-guided training, the science has a very long way to go: “We’re beginning to understand that performance is determined by hundreds, possibly even thousands of interacting genes. Even once they are known, we may not be able to make predictions with clinical significance; we will need to take into account the environmental factors as well.”

Countering the criticism from Pitsiladis and his Athlome colleagues, Pickering alleges sour grapes: “They’re annoyed that we’ve done it before them and that’s why they’re causing these problems. Their main goal was to sell genetic tests to people, in my opinion. They are frustrated that we’re one or two years ahead of them.”

Pitsiladis doesn’t deny having commercial interests in genetic testing but insists he is involved only in areas with demonstrable utility, such as using genetics to create improved anti-doping tests. He draws a sharp distinction between genetically testing elite athletes to assess their shared traits and testing amateurs who are almost as diverse a group as the general population.



“Parents who’ve failed as athletes go buy this stuff, desperate for their kids to succeed … Selling direct to consumers is the problem.”

That is precisely my concern, too. Can’t Pickering appreciate that for people such as myself, starting out as the unsporty sibling with every reason to doubt my genetic potential, my gloomy test results could have snuffed out my marathon dreams before I had even tried a 5k run?



“I share your concern,” he replies. “It’s something that, as a company, we try to communicate. Our reports use the word potential, and that needs to change … We have to do a better job, and we’ll continue to try.”

Make no mistake, talent matters. Athletes such as McLaughlin and Swift are prodigiously genetically blessed. My older brother, too, is a natural. He overtook me and became a far superior athlete, as I always suspected he would. But being the best you can be isn’t about biology, it is art as much as science. Talent isn’t destiny decipherable from DNA; it waits to be realised through hard work, like a sculpture inside a boulder. So don’t let anyone put you off – get hammering.








~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


The Polish government is planning to bus people to Warsaw to ensure large crowds are there to listen to Donald Trump.

The US President is due to make an address in the Polish capital from Krasinski Square, a site which commemorates the 1944 Warsaw Uprising against the Nazis.

During his first official trip to Europe as US President, Mr Trump did not receive the warm welcome he would have liked.

In Brussels, thousands of people staged an anti-Trump protest hours after his arrival.

Last month, Mr Trump reportedly told Theresa May he would delay his state visit because of fears of large-scale protests.

But ahead of his visit to Poland, the ruling Law and Justice Party, admirers of Mr Trump and grateful for his decision to come to Warsaw before Paris, Brussels or Berlin, promised the White House cheering crowds, Polish media reports.

According to the Associated Press, ruling politicians and pro-government activists plan to bus in groups of people to cheer Mr Trump during his speech.

Some of the measures being taken are straight from the Communist Party playbook, hearkening back to the days of Soviet rule when crowds would be bussed to Warsaw to welcome visiting officials from Moscow.

Speaking to the Wall Street Journal, Law and Justice Party member Dominik Tarcznski said: "It's going to be huge - absolutely huge. They just love him, the people in Poland - they just really love him."

Scores of people lined up the streets and waved American and Polish flags as Mr Trump's motorcade drove him and Melania to their hotel after they arrived on Wednesday night.

According to a survey released last week by the Pew Research Centre, 73 per cent of Poles have a favourable view of the US but just 23 per cent have confidence in Mr Trump, compared with 58 per cent at the end of Barack Obama's second term in office.

Poland is an ideal candidate to be a strong ally of Mr Trump. Its nationalistic right-wing government has a similar stance to the US President on issues such as immigration, climate change and coal mining. And the visit could offer Mr Trump a place to shine and gloss over his image as head of state.

Criticised by the EU for displaying authoritarian aspects to its government, Poland is one of the few Nato countries which meets the alliance's requirement to spend two per cent of its GDP on defence, and is a regular purchaser of US military equipment.

Polish approval could also be an asset at home, especially in states like Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, where hundreds of thousands of Polish American voters live.

World news in pictures







65 show all World news in pictures































































































































1/65 5 July 2017 A member of the Iraqi security forces runs with his weapon during a fight between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants in the Old City of Mosul, Iraq.

2/65 5 July 2017 A U.S. MGM-140 Army Tactical Missile is fired during the combined military exercise between the U.S. and South Korea against North Korea at an undisclosed location in South Korea A.P

3/65 4 July 2017 North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un looks on during the test-fire of inter-continental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 Reuters

4/65 4 July 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during a signing ceremony following the talks at the Kremlin Reuters

5/65 3 July 2017 Belarussian servicemen march during a military parade as part of celebrations marking the Independence Day in Minsk, Belarus Reuters

6/65 3 July 2017 Ambulance cars and fire engines are seen near the site where a coach burst into flames after colliding with a lorry on a motorway near Muenchberg, Germany Reuters

7/65 2 July 2017 Protesters demonstrating against the upcoming G20 economic summit ride boats on Inner Alster lake during a protest march in Hamburg, Germany. Hamburg will host the upcoming G20 summit and is expecting heavy protests throughout. Getty Images

8/65 1 July 2017 Protesters carry a large image of jailed Chinese Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo as they march during the annual pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong. Thousands joined an annual protest march in Hong Kong, hours after Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped up his visit to the city by warning against challenges to Beijing's sovereignty. AP

9/65 30 June 2017 Jockey Andrea Coghe of "Selva" (Forest) parish rides his horse during the first practice for the Palio Horse Race in Siena, Italy June 30, 2017 Reuters

10/65 30 June 2017 A man takes pictures with a phone with a Union Flag casing after Chinese President Xi Jinping (not pictured) inspected troops at the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison as part of events marking the 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June 30, 2017 Reuters

11/65 29 June 2017 A protester against U.S. President Donald Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, holds a sign next to protesters supporting the ban, in New York City, U.S., June 29, 2017 Reuters

12/65 29 June 2017 Israeli Air Force Efroni T-6 Texan II planes perform at an air show during the graduation of new cadet pilots at Hatzerim base in the Negev desert, near the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva AFP/Getty Images

13/65 28 June 2017 A woman gestures next to people spraying insecticide on a vehicle during a mosquito-control operation led by Ivory Coast's National Public and Health Institute in Bingerville, near Abidjan where several cases of dengue fever were reported AFP/Getty Images

14/65 28 June 2017 An aerial view shows women swimming in the Yenisei River on a hot summer day, with the air temperature at about 32 degrees Celsius (89.6 degrees Fahrenheit), outside Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, Russia, June 28, 2017 Reuters

15/65 27 June 2017 A Libyan coast guardsman watches over as illegal immigrants arrive to land in a dinghy during the rescue of 147 people who attempted to reach Europe off the coastal town of Zawiyah, 45 kilometres west of the capital Tripoli, on June 27, 2017. More than 8,000 migrants have been rescued in waters off Libya during the past 48 hours in difficult weather conditions, Italy's coastguard said on June 27, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

16/65 27 June 2017 Investigators work at the scene of a car bomb explosion which killed Maxim Shapoval, a high-ranking official involved in military intelligence, in Kiev, Ukraine, June 27, 2017 Reuters

17/65 26 June 2017 A man leaves after voting in the Mongolian presidential election at the Erdene Sum Ger (Yurt) polling station in Tuul Valley. Mongolians cast ballots on June 26 to choose between a horse breeder, a judoka and a feng shui master in a presidential election rife with corruption scandals and nationalist rhetoric AFP/Getty Images

18/65 26 June 2017 People attend Eid al-Fitr prayers to mark the end of the holy fasting month of Ramadan at a play ground in the suburb of Sale, Morocco REUTERS

19/65 25 June 2017 A plain-clothes police officer kicks a member of a group of LGBT rights activist as Turkish police prevent them from going ahead with a Gay Pride annual parade on 25 June 2017 in Istanbul, a day after it was banned by the city governor's office. AFP/Getty Images

20/65 25 June 2017 Pakistan army soldiers stands guard while rescue workers examine the site of an oil tanker explosion at a highway near Bahawalpur, Pakistan. An overturned oil tanker burst into flames in Pakistan on Sunday, killing more than one hundred people who had rushed to the scene of the highway accident to gather leaking fuel, an official said. AP

21/65 24 June 2017 Rescue workers search for survivors at the site of a landslide that occurred in Xinmo Village, Mao County, Sichuan province, China REUTERS

22/65 23 June 2017 Student activists shout anti martial law slogans during a protest in Manila on June 23, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

23/65 23 June 2017 A diver performs from the Pont Alexandre III bridge into the River Seine in Paris, France, June 23, 2017 as Paris transforms into a giant Olympic park to celebrate International Olympic Days with a variety of sporting events for the public across the city during two days as the city bids to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games Reuters

24/65 23 June 2017 Debris and smoke are seen after an OV-10 Bronco aircraft released a bomb, during an airstrike, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who have taken over parts of Marawi city, Philippines June 23, 2017 Reuters

25/65 22 June 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (C) stands under pouring rain during a wreath-laying ceremony marking the 76th anniversary of the Nazi German invasion, by the Kremlin walls in Moscow, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

26/65 22 June 2017 Smoke rises following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

27/65 22 June 2017 Iraqis flee from the Old City of Mosul on June 22, 2017, during the ongoing offensive by Iraqi forces to retake the last district still held by the Islamic State (IS) group AFP/Getty Images

28/65 21 June 2017 Girls stand in monsoon rains beside an open laundry in New Delhi, India Reuters

29/65 21 June 2017 People take part in the 15th annual Times Square yoga event celebrating the Summer Solstice, the longest day of the year, during classes in the middle of Times Square in New York. The event marked the international day of yoga. Reuters

30/65 20 June 2017 Faroe Islanders turn the sea red after slaughtering hundreds of whales as part of annual tradition Rex

31/65 20 June 2017 A firefighting plane tackles a blaze in Cadafaz, near Goes, Portugal Reuters

32/65 15 June 2017 A person participates in a journalists' protest asking for justice in recent attacks on journalists in Mexico City, Mexico, 15 June 2017 EPA

33/65 11 June 2017 Poland's Piotr Lobodzinski starts in front of the Messeturm, Fairground Tower, in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

34/65 11 June 2017 A runner lies on the ground after arriving at the finish line in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

35/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

36/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform on the tarmac at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

37/65 11 June 2017 French President Emmanuel Macron with his wife Brigitte Trogneux cast their ballot at their polling station in the first round of the French legislatives elections in Le Touquet, northern France EPA

38/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoist EPA

39/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoists EPA

40/65 11 June 2017 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu chairs a weekly cabinet meeting at his office in Jerusalem. An Israeli court has ordered a journalist to pay more than $25,000 in damages to Netanyahu and his wife Sara for libeling them. The magistrate court in Tel Aviv ruled Sunday that Igal Sarna libeled the couple for writing a Facebook post that claimed the prime minister's wife kicked the Israeli leader out of their car during a fight AP

41/65 10 June 2017 Parkour enthusiasts train on Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Originally developed in France, the training discipline is gaining popularity in Brazil Mario Tama/Getty Images

42/65 10 June 2017 Volunteers spread mozzarella cheese toppings on the Guinness World Record attempt for the Longest Pizza in Fontana, California, USA. The pizza was planned to be 7000 feet (2.13 km) to break the previous record of 6082 feet (1.8 km) set in Naples, Italy in 2016 EPA

43/65 10 June 2017 Jamaica's Olympic champion Usain Bolt gestures after winning his final 100 metres sprint at the 2nd Racers Grand Prix at the National Stadium in Kingston, Jamaica REUTERS/Gilbert Bellamy

44/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

45/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

46/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

47/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

48/65 10 June 2017 Protesters stand off before police during a demonstration against corruption, repression and unemployment in Al Hoseima, Morocco. The neglected Rif region has been rocked by social unrest since the death in October of a fishmonger. Mouhcine Fikri, 31, was crushed in a rubbish truck as he protested against the seizure of swordfish caught out of season and his death has sparked fury and triggered nationwide protests Getty Images

49/65 9 June 2017 A man looks on at a migrant and refugee makeshift camp set up under the highway near Porte de la Chapelle, northern Paris Getty Images

50/65 9 June 2017 Damaged cars are seen stacked in the middle of a road in western Mosul's Zanjili neighbourhood during ongoing battles to try to take the city from Islamic State (IS) group fighters Getty

51/65 9 June 2017 Smoke billows following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa Getty Images

52/65 9 June 2017 Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel gestures next to Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto during a welcome ceremony at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico REUTERS/Carlos Jasso

53/65 9 June 2017 Soldiers and residents carry the body of a Muslim boy who was hit by a stray bullet while praying inside a mosque, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who has taken over large parts of the Marawi City, Philippines REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

54/65 8 June 2017 Opposition demonstrators protest for the death on the eve of young activist Neomar Lander during clashes with riot police, in Caracas Getty Images

55/65 8 June 2017 Neomar Lander, a 17-year-old boy was killed during a march in the Chacao district in eastern Caracas on Wednesday, taking the overall death toll since the beginning of April to 66, according to prosecutors Getty Images

56/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI director James Comey is sworn in during a hearing before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

57/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI Director James Comey testifies during a US Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

58/65 8 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica trains at the University of West Indies in Kingston. Bolt says he is looking forward to having a party as he launches his final season on June 10 with what will be his last race on Jamaican soil. The 30-year-old world's fasted man plans to retire from track and field after the 2017 London World Championships in August Getty Images

59/65 8 June 2017 Acquanetta Warren, Mayor of Fontana, California, reacts after US President Donald Trump introduced himself before the Infrastructure Summit with Governors and Mayors at the White House in Washington, US REUTERS/Yuri Gripas

60/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reason Getty Images

61/65 8 June 2017 A woman reacts at the place where 17-year-old demonstrator Neomar Lander died during riots at a rally against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas, Venezuela, June 8, 2017. The sign reads: 'Neomar, entertainer for ever' REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado

62/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reasons Getty Images

63/65 8 June 2017 Queen Maxima of The Netherlands visits Tobroco Machines in Oisterwijk, Netherlands. The company is a manufacturer of machines for use in agriculture, road construction and field maintenance. Tobroco is winner of the 2016 Koning Willem 1 Award for entrepreneurship Getty Images

64/65 7 June 2017 A family member of an inmate tries to stop a truck used to transfer prisoners, outside a prison where a riot took place on Tuesday, in Ciudad Victoria, Mexico REUTERS/Josue Gonzalez

65/65 7 June 2017 An unconscious person is taken away on a motorcycle by fellow demonstrators after they clashed with riot police during a protest in Caracas, Venezuela Getty Images

Despite the populist government, Poland has experienced steady growth for years and is rising to become an economic powerhouse in Europe.

But inside the EU, senior officials are reportedly concerned Mr Trump could boost far-right politicians in Europe.

Polish Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz has said that like Mr Trump, Poland's government was being attacked by "liberals, post-communists, lefties and genderists".

He described Mr Trump as "a man who is changing the shape of the world's political scene".

Mr Trump is stopping in Poland on his way to the G20 summit in Germany, where he is due to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday.

But in Hamburg, Mr Trump could receive a very different reception, with 100,000 protesters expected.


~_~


The opinion polls got the 2015 election wrong, and the EU referendum, and Donald Trump’s victory in the US. Now, as they point to Theresa May winning a large majority on 8 June, why on earth should we believe them?

The short answer is that opinion polls are the worst way to find out what people think apart from any other. The alternatives to respectable polls are astrology, gut feeling or just asking people who are available. In this last category are internet polls open to anyone to enter, which can sometimes attract a large number of responses – although that usually means that a group on Facebook has organised like-minded people to take part. Such polls tell us nothing useful about the likely outcome of elections.

The only way to predict, roughly, how people might vote is to survey a representative sample of the electorate. At the moment, the average of all opinion polls compiled by Stephen Fisher of Oxford University suggests Theresa May is heading for a majority of 130. This is not a precise science, because of random variation and changes in politics, but it is much, much better than, say, reading tea leaves.

How can you tell anything from just 1,000 people?

If a sample of 1,000 people is representative of the whole country – by sex, age, income and region – it should give a fairly accurate picture of the country’s views. Pollsters adjust their findings if, for example, they don’t have enough middle-aged women in their sample, and they have to adjust voting intentions by how likely different social groups are to turn out on election day.

As a rule of thumb, findings will be within 3 percentage points of the true figure in 19 polls out of 20. This “margin of error” means that, for example, if a poll put Remain on 51 per cent, as the average final poll did in June 2016, it means you would expect Remain to be between 48 and 54 per cent. Unfortunately humans, including commentators, are bad at assessing probability in a close binary choice.

Why do the polls always get it wrong, then?

They don’t. In the first round of the French presidential election on 30 April, for example, the polls were astonishingly accurate, getting each candidate less than one percentage point out and, crucially, getting the order of the four closely bunched candidates right. British polls are not usually that accurate. Getting truly representative samples is hard, as is predicting the likelihood of different groups to turn out to vote. But they are not “terrible” as Nate Silver, the US polling guru, recently claimed.

It is not as if US polls are perfect. National polls were not too bad, correctly predicting that Hillary Clinton would win more votes, but the state polls were up to three points out in the places that made the difference in the electoral college.

Rob Ford of Manchester University replied to Silver, pointing out that at least British polls tend to err in the same direction, of overstating the Labour vote. I’m not sure how reassuring this is. In many ways the big problem for British polls is that they got the 2010 election nearly right, whereas in other recent elections they got the Labour-Conservative gap at least five points wrong in Labour’s favour. Most of the polling companies have changed their methods since 2015, but we won’t know until 8 June whether their figures are over-corrected, roughly right or still too pro-Labour.

How come I’ve never been polled?

Most polling now is done online, so if you are not a member of an internet panel, you would be polled only by phone. At a rough guess, there might be a 1 in 20 chance that your landline or mobile would be called in a year, but most people hang up on cold calls, so perhaps only 1 in 100 people would actually be surveyed.

Polling companies are all biased, aren’t they?

Now we are getting into the field of paranoid conspiracy theory. A fringe of Corbyn supporters online assert that YouGov is owned by Conservatives and enjoy quoting Peter Hitchens – the Mail on Sunday columnist – of all people saying that polls are used to manipulate public opinion not to measure it. YouGov was co-founded by Peter Kellner, a Labour supporter. In any case, as we have seen, election polls have tended to overstate Labour support. Any polling company that is a member of the British Polling Council has to follow its rules, including on openness, so that all their work can be scrutinised.

We should read polls carefully, but celebrate the unpredictability of human beings, who – thank goodness – can always surprise us.


~_~


We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

Thank you for your support.


~_~


Both politically and culturally, 2016 was a turbulent year and the Oxford English Dictionary has recognised this in its latest update, with "woke" and "post-truth" now included.

The original meaning of woke is to awaken after sleep but the word now has a political meaning after being taken up by the Black Lives Matter movement.

"By the mid-20th century," says the Oxford English Dictionary (OED), "woke had been extended figuratively to refer to being 'aware' or 'well informed' in a political or cultural sense."

'Woke' and 'post-truth' made it into the dictinary. Well doesn't that sum up 2017. — LisaMuggeridge (@LisaMuggeridge) June 27, 2017

"Post-truth" has been chosen as the OED's word of 2016 - to reflect a year that included political shocks such as the United Kingdom's vote to leave the European Union and the US election of President Donald Trump.

It is defined as "relating to or denoting circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping political debate or public opinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief".

There is also a new word right at the end of the dictionary, Zyzzyva - the name of a genus of tropical weevils native to South America and typically found near palm trees.

"No one knows where zyzzyva came from," said Fiona McPherson, the OED's new words editor.

"There are some sources saying it makes a reference to the noises made by the weevil."

More than 600 new words, phrases, and senses have been added this time around, with other highlights including Danish way of life "hygge" and a number of tennis terms in time for Wimbledon including "bagel", "changeover" and "career slam".

Fans of television series The West Wing may be pleased to hear that "thing" is now a thing.

"A new usage of 'thing' refers to questions conveying surprise or incredulity, such as: 'How can that be a thing?'" Oxford University Press said.

It was traced back to an early episode of Aaron Sorkin's show.


~_~


MUMBAI Jumbotail, an Indian startup building an online wholesale marketplace for groceries, has raised $8.5 million in a funding round led by venture firm Kalaari Capital with the participation of Nexus Venture Partners.

The Bengaluru-headquartered company will use the new funds to enhance technology and operational capabilities, Nexus said in a statement on Thursday.

Founded in 2015 with a funding of $2 million by Nexus, Jumbotail has started operations in the southern city of Bengaluru and plans to gradually expand across the country.

(Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Editing by Rafael Nam)


~_~


The V&A Exhibition Road Quarter, a project that has been six years in the making and marks the first major construction work at the museum in almost a century, opens to the public this week. Designed by architect Amanda Levete and her practice AL_A, it not only adds a vast new exhibition space – set to be one of the largest temporary galleries in the UK – but additional entrances and an impressive courtyard that pays tribute to the London landmark's storied history.

Image 2 of 3 Credits © Hufton + Crow

The latter takes its cues from the V&A's rich connection with ceramics and is the world's first all-porcelain public courtyard, painstakingly constructed from over 11,000 handmade tiles. The creation of the Sackler Courtyard has unveiled several significant facades and details that have never before been on display to the public. Among these is a sgraffito decoration on the side of the Henry Cole Wing; created by the first art students at the museum in the late 19th century, it employs a Renaissance technique involving multiple layers of coloured plaster scratched away to reveal a design. Meanwhile a newly created colonnade, opening up a new approach to the building, has been formed around the Aston Webb screen, a Grade I-listed structure originally built to conceal the museum's Victorian boilers. The building suffered damage to the stonework during World War 2, with this reflected in such details as the new metal gates that feature perforations traced from the imprint of shrapnel.

Image 3 of 3 Credits © Hufton + Crow

Other elements are set to redefine how visitors make their way around this well-known institution. The Blavatnik Hall is a new entrance that fronts onto Exhibition Road, and will provide new connections between the museum's sprawling galleries and collections. Meanwhile the 1,100sq metre Sainsbury Gallery, which reaches 18metres below ground, brings the V&A firmly into the modern age, not only architecturally but also in creating a vast and flexible space that enables them to host a changing roster of large-scale exhibitions.

You'll have to wait until September for the first to take residency in the gallery; entitled Opera: Passion, Power and Politics, it takes in some of the music genre's greatest moments in an interactive display created in collaboration with the Royal Opera House. However, until 7 July there's a chance to get a sneak peek into the space with the Reveal Festival. This free, week-long event is a testament to the V&A's wide-ranging cultural offering, bringing together such talents as fashion designer Molly Goddard, who's work will be showcased in four special catwalk shows, a site-specific dance performance by Julie Cunningham and Company and music from broadcasting platform Boiler Room.

vam.ac.uk


~_~


The U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, charged with enforcing the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), have signaled they expect companies to strengthen anti-bribery management systems, with an emphasis on preventive controls. Certain tools used by the government to detect red flags in financial statements demonstrate a growing use of advanced data analytics in enforcement, while reinforcing the message that companies can employ such technologies to strengthen compliance. Learn more about the guidance available that can help organizations put in place effective foundational financial controls.


~_~


Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.


~_~


“Do you know what pose you’ll do yet?” the receptionist asks as she drags an iPad-topped stand into my hotel room with the nonchalance of Mick Jagger towing a microphone onto the stage.

“I’m not too sure – nothing full-frontal,” I laugh nervously. Emphasis on the nervous. Less so on the laughing.

There have been a few encounters in the lead up to my stay at The Olsen, Melbourne, that have made me feel like an unsavoury character indulging in an illicit episode.

From the email I send asking what time the camera will be delivered to my room, to the numerous questions I have to pluck up the courage to ask at the check-in desk (“Do I get to choose the photo? Is the camera on a timer? How will I receive the print?”), it’s all slightly uncomfortable. Still, I have to concede that it’s also a bit of a thrill.

Like so many female greats before me – Botticelli’s Venus, Raphael’s Three Graces, Kim Kardashian’s, well, Kim Kard-ass-ian – I am about to become a work of nude art. But unlike those immortalised by Renaissance painters, no one has actually commissioned a piece of me in my birthday suit: I am merely masquerading as a muse through the Art Series Hotel Group’s ‘No Robe’ package.

It’s the latest campaign from the playful, Australian-based collection of boutique hotels, strewn across the metropolitan hubs of Victoria, South Australia and Queensland. The idea is this: guests abandon their inhibitions (and clothes), allowing a team of artists to transform their naked limbs into a sketch.

Thankfully, said team of artists are not sitting waiting in your room ready to inspect your body parts. Instead, from the privacy of your temporary residence – and at your own leisure – you use an in-room iPad and a custom-built app to take whatever naked shots your heart desires.

As the name would suggest, the hotel group is quite an authority when it comes to art. Each of its seven hotels is inspired by – and wholly dedicated to – a contemporary Australian artist. Their original artworks and prints line lobbies and halls, and a smattering of unique and thoughtful design elements are incorporated into rooms.

My studio suite at The Olsen, situated just south of the Yarra River in Melbourne, features a smoked screen between bed and bathroom with John Olsen’s signature tangle of wild brushstrokes dancing across it. There’s even a miniature art library in the corner of each chamber, offering greater insight into the works of the hotel’s namesake.

Chloe was ‘unexpectedly pleased’ with her nude sketch (Art Series Hotels )

The mini-chain of hotels is no stranger to outlandish campaigns; over Christmas 2015, it offered an ‘Overstay Check-Out’, allowing guests who booked at least a one-night stay the opportunity to remain as long as their room was available without paying anything more.

‘No Robe’, for its part, fits so snugly with the hotel group’s art theme that, by the time I reach my room, any preconceived notions of seediness evaporate.

I’m all aflutter at the numerous office blocks that appear to overlook my floor-to-ceiling windows. The prudish Brit in me prances semi-nude about the room, aware that I need to master a pose stat, but also conscious that an unsuspecting white-collar worker on overtime might be about to get the fright of their life.

After finally settling on a pose that best meets my desired trifecta of tasteful, non-revealing and flattering, I set to work typing my details into the app before facing off with the camera.

Anyone who has dabbled in the occasional sext will realise just how many attempts it can take to master the ‘natural’ look: a lot. The gulf between the mental image I’ve conjured of my unclothed form and the digital evidence is rather sizable. iPad units are loaned to hotel guests for up to two hours, but I can assure you that for such an intimate study of your own anatomy 30 minutes is more than enough.

Eventually, I give up on trying to create a flawless picture and relax, feeling a little more at home in my own skin and settling on a shot that I feel is as good as any. All I can do is pray my artist is of the more forgiving J S Lowry stickman school of design, rather than the anatomically correct Leonardo da Vinci persuasion.

Totally unveiling all your bits isn’t a prerequisite – the hotel also invites guests to ‘Robe Up’ if they’re feeling too bashful. But it doesn’t seem to be a problem for your archetypal laidback Aussie: even on Instagram, punters are taking to the task with verve. The ‘No Robe’ hashtag is a door to a cornucopia of artsy and er, less artsy, shots, with lodgers proudly displaying their wares.

“With the great views of South Yarra, people have been having fun with it,” the receptionist notes as she reports back to pick up the iPad.

When the much-anticipated sketch arrives in the post several weeks later, I feel unexpectedly pleased with the result: my face moody yet elfin, my form flatteringly contoured.

If anything, having my limbs inked indelibly and artistically onto card makes me want to be a muse all over again.

Staying there

The No Robe package is available at any of the Art Series Hotels (artserieshotels.com.au) until June 15. Doubles from £130, room-only basis.


~_~


BRUSSELS The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier warned British ministers and businesses who are calling for "frictionless trade" with the EU after Britain leaves that is "not possible".

Addressing an EU business forum in Brussels on Thursday, Barnier said London's "red lines" for a future trade relationship meant Britain was definitely leaving the single market and the customs union, and only membership of both allowed "frictionless" trading arrangements.

But Britain will stick by its aim to get a comprehensive free trade deal and customs agreement with the EU to ensure that trade is "as frictionless as possible" once it has left the bloc, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said.

Barnier said he was unsure the EU's refusal to grant single market access piecemeal and insistence on control of standards in the single market "have been fully understood across the Channel".

"I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits - that is not possible," he said. "I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and build a customs union to achieve 'frictionless trade' – that is not possible."

Stressing that time was tight for a deal by the time Britain automatically leaves the bloc on March 30, 2019 - "time flies", he said. Barnier said he was ready to handle a failure of talks and "no deal" but that would be damaging, especially to Britain, and he saw "no reasonable justification" for it.

"A fair deal is far better than no deal," he said, turning around a phrase popularised by May that no deal is better than a bad deal.

He called for rapid agreement on priority issues in talks begun last month to build a "climate of trust" so that trade negotiations could begin as soon as possible. But in urging businesses to prepare for Brexit now, he stressed that whatever deal was done would carry "significant consequences".

"A trading relationship with a country that does not belong to the European Union obviously involves friction," Barnier said. He cited disruption to cross-border traders processing value-added tax (VAT) and a need for all EU imports of animals and animal products to be tested at borders.

Those issues are of particular concern in Ireland, where farming businesses on either side of the new UK-EU border on the island fear disruption. Barnier repeated EU willingness to make a priority of agreeing border issues on Ireland, where leaders on all sides fear a "hard" frontier could also undermine the fragile peace in the British province of Northern Ireland.

The EU's conclusion of a free trade deal with Japan on Thursday was hailed by EU leaders as a sign of what the combined economic power of the bloc can achieve - and of what Britain will miss when it leaves.

"In the context of the discussion about Brexit, we have heard statements claiming that it isn't worth being in the European Union, as it is easier to do global trade outside of the EU," European Council President Donald Tusk said.

"Today we have shown that this is not true," he said.

EU Agriculture Commissioner Phil Hogan said the deal which will open Japan to European high-value food and drink exports, "shows the importance of size in global trade negotiations".

"No individual member state could ever hope to achieve what the EU can achieve together," Hogan said.

The EU hopes it will take effect in early 2019, just when Britain is leaving. London, where Trade Secretary Liam Fox welcomed the EU-Japan deal, may seek to emulate its benefits for the likes of Britain's hugely valuable Scotch whisky exports.

(Additional reporting by Elizabeth Piper; Editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek and Louise Ireland)


~_~


Not many hotels in Britain can rival No Man's Fort in terms of location. Stranded in the Solent, just off the coast of Portsmouth, the circular fort rises abruptly from teal waters that crash against its base. Approaching the fort by boat, its brutal exterior – all sea-weathered concrete, iron plates and railings – looks like the most unlikely setting for a top class hotel. But step onto the metal stairs and through the fort's main doors and any fears you might have that you'll be roughing it out at sea are soon forgotten.

No Man's Fort is one of a series of sea forts commissioned by Lord Palmerston in the 19th century to protect Britain from a French invasion. They were never needed for that purpose, but continued to be manned until the 1940s when they were decommissioned and left derelict.

Over the years they've changed hands but barely seen any activity, apart from hosting some seriously hardcore 1990s raves. Then Mike Clare, the entrepreneur behind Dreams beds, bought them all with the aim of adapting them into luxury hotels.

The smallest fort, Spitbank, opened in 2012 after a major revamp. It has just eight bedrooms and offers 24-hour packages for guests. No Man's Fort followed in 2015. It's three times the size of Spitbank, with 22 bedrooms.

We set off from Portsmouth harbour at midday and arrived at No Man's Fort 45 minutes later. Within minutes we were sipping prosecco in the hotel's glass-roofed atrium. The fort's exterior is brutal, but the inside is very civilised with cream furnishings, wicker furniture and wooden floors. Nautical features abound, such as knotted ropes and lifesaver rings, and there are deckchairs scattered here and there.

First came the tour of our digs for the day. We descended to the fort's lowest level, a network of corridors and rooms that is the most unrestored part of the building. Our guide Vicky explained how soldiers would toil away rigging up vast cannons (of which there is a replica). But these historic rooms also have another surprising function – they play host to Laser Quest for large corporate groups.

Back upstairs we were taken through the games room and cards room. The fort is structured with exposed brick walls that still bear the wrought-iron hooks that were once used by sailors to put cannons in place. Dotted around the circumference are gun ports that are now windows. Imagine the place without sofas and lighting and you get a real sense of how arduous and isolated life was for those posted here.

Finally, we were taken to the fort's highlight: the top deck. Here artificial grass is laid out and decorated with park benches, two hot tubs, a boules pit and a helipad. Standing tall is the lighthouse where we took in the 360 degree view: in one direction is the Isle of Wight, in another Portsmouth Harbour. The clouds that had masked the sky in the morning disappeared, allowing us to see as far as the New Forest.

Lunch, consisting of salads, seafood and pasta, was taken in a cobbled passage of a restaurant called La Resistance. Then the afternoon was ours.

There's something wonderful about knowing that you're stranded at sea. There's no guilt about staying put rather than exploring the surroundings because there's nowhere to go. Unless there's an emergency you can only leave when the boat comes to collect you the next day. So we took advantage of the isolation, spending the afternoon sitting on the top deck and drinking beer in the sunshine. When the light began to fade we slipped into the fort's hot tub – also on the top deck – and watched the sun descend into the horizon.

At 7.30pm all guests are instructed to gather for drinks and canapes in the atrium before dinner is served at 8pm. Bizarrely, we were left for over an hour while others around us are whisked away to dinner. Later we discovered that the logistical problem of feeding 40-plus mouths simultaneously means that seating times have to be staggered. Hopefully this system will be improved – we sat with hungry eyes looking jealously as others made their way to the dining room before us.

Finally, at 9pm, we were taken to our table in the 'mess hall', a spacious, candle-lit area decorated with sailors' uniforms hanging from hooks.

The food that the kitchen rustled up was seriously good. A starter of goat's cheese was jazzed up with quince terrine, hazelnut praline and beetroot jam. Pheasant and chanterelle terrine with sourdough croute, cider pickled mushroom and white truffle oil was elegant and rich.

But the mains were the real stars of the show. I tucked into a grilled hake fillet with crushed potato, fennel pollen vegetables drenched in crab bisque. My partner opted for the roasted rump of salt aged lamb, accompanied with Dauphinoise potato, candy baby beets, heritage carrots, and a redcurrant jus.

Classic desserts on offer include a sticky toffee pudding (perfect) and a chocolate pot de creme with chocolate biscotti.

After dinner, we crawled back up to the top deck where a fire pit was blazing and marshmallows were being toasted over it. Wrapping ourselves in blankets, we joined the other guests, sipping hot chocolate laced with rum underneath a clear night sky.

On our way to bed, we passed an empty cabaret bar, where disco lights were spinning out into a barren space. On some evenings the fort hosts themed party evenings but nothing was going on the night we were there. The room felt a bit out of kilter with the rest of the hotel, a little Butlins.

Our bedroom was spacious and pleasantly modest, with a cast-iron bed, striped wallpaper, a cream carpet and an original vaulted ceiling. After leaving our blinds open, we woke with a seemingly-endless view out across the channel.

Breakfast was served at 8.30am. With one last glance at the lighthouse to take in that stupendous view, we descended the metal stairway, clambered onto the boat and were whisked back to shore.

To book a night at No Man's Fort visit solentforts.com or call 023 9268 4806. You can also visit the fort for the day (with lunch included).


~_~


At a mountain hut at just over 3,000 metres, the only place for teeth-brushing is outside, in full ski gear. They were ablutions with a tempting view, a safe distance from the slight pong of the outhouse. To my left and right I could make out a jagged skyline, sawing at the dull glow of the night sky. And above – of great encouragement after two days of fog, wind, temperatures of -20C and dashed plans – a million stars as sharp as pins.

Sleep was deep inside the Gandegghütte, above Zermatt and a little over a mile, as the crow flies, from the Italian border. By day it’s a charmingly rustic lunch spot, and at night it falls silent to welcome the more intrepid to its cosy living quarters and bunk rooms. The thick duvets provided (you don’t have to be that intrepid) kept out the cold but the dinner of hörnli-gratin, an obscenely cheesy macaroni with minced pork, could have warmed the blood of a mammoth for a month.

An early-morning curtain twitch revealed the promise of the night before: a dazzling mountainscape, peaks and ridges catching fire as the sun began its climb. The Matterhorn caught the most of the morning glow, its pyramid peak lying just three miles to the west. Barely 100 metres to the east, the hut-sized blue chunks of the Theodul Glacier continued their imperceptible journey down the mountain.

The remote Gandegghütte (Zermatt Tourism)



Ideally the morning would have started with an awakening descent through fresh snow, or a warming climb on the skins I had lugged round with me for two days. As it was, the challenging conditions until that sunny day had shunted our itinerary from plan A to B, C and most of the alphabet. But things were looking up; I had a helicopter to catch. So we joined the queue at the Trockener Steg lift station just below the hut. (The Gandegg might have been remote when it was first built in 1885, but has since been absorbed into the Zermatt ski area).

Soon I was higher still on the Plateau Rosa and in a huddle with my guides, Francis Kelsey and Severin Marchand. The helicopter was in high demand for single lifts; much of the region’s best terrain had been off-limits for days, but perfect conditions brought out the sun-seekers and thrill-seekers in grateful hordes. We were heading to one of the classic descents just across the border in Italy, the Château des Dames, a manageable 1,600m drop on north-facing slopes where snow stays good for days. We were the second group up and acres of undisturbed powder awaited our twitching toes as we clipped in at the top, the quiet all the more rewarding after the return of the helicopter to find its next group.

The helicopter drops one group off before heading off to pick up another (Simon Usborne)



This was what I had signed up for – great snow between great food amid great views. It had been hard-fought for, thanks to the conditions, which made me all the more grateful for the fleet-footedness that was the trip’s selling point. Skiing has always been a lottery. You book months in advance, commit yourself to one place for a week, and hope for the best. But the industry is beginning to wake up to the demand for flexibility, particularly for off-piste skiers whose priority is good snow.

Francis, our American born guide, who has spent a career skiing and climbing in the Alps, is increasingly working with clients who book flights to Geneva or Zurich, say, and then wait for as long as possible before committing to an itinerary. Ski safaris, which might take in multiple resorts and countries, and include climbing or helicopter lifts, can cost more, but deals can also be found at the last minute. And if the payback is the freedom to chase the good snow, it’s worth testing a budget’s upper limit.

Kelsey says hotels and restaurants are starting to adapt to this demand, moving away from the rigorous traditions of seven-day bookings. He says the effects of sites like Booking.com and Airbnb was already forcing this change. Weeks before my trip, he had a group which had booked their base hotel in Gressoney in the Aosta Valley. But there was no snow so they switched to Lech in Austria at the last minute. “Even the best-laid plans can change,” he said. “Mother Nature decides in the end.”

Good snow is worth stretching your budget for (Simon Usborne)



The resulting logistical demands on the mountain guide can be severe but Kelsey had support on my trip from Ben Shearer and Hamish Gordon-Lennox, my hosts. Both lifelong skiers, they are more used to warmer climes as the men behind the well-known Peligoni Club on Zakynthos in Greece. But last season they launched Peligoni Ski, exhorting their summer clientele – and more punters besides – to join them in the mountains. They will book you in and look after everything.

One disadvantage of the safari approach is balancing the desire to have plentiful changes of clothes and the need to ski light. I got it slightly wrong when we checked into the rather pretentious White Angel hotel in Cervinia and I re-emerged into the smart bar after a well-deserved hot shower wearing my thermal leggings. The old boy crooning in the corner with his guitar almost did a double-take. But it mattered less as the Prosecco flowed and concern diverted to our planned return to Zermatt the next day, which would require taking cable cars vulnerable to the forecast return of high winds. Without them, our flights home were in jeopardy.

We made it in the end, leaping through a morning weather window and returning to the resort and the hotel where we had begun our journey, the Mont Cervin, one of Zermatt’s oldest. As well as being one of Switzerland’s most charming destinations, with its motor-free roads served by quaint little electric cars, Zermatt also has a decent set-up for adventure skiers (you could do a lot of financial damage at the excellent Yosemite Zermatt shop).

As we repacked our bags, our arrival two days earlier seemed like a distant memory. But thanks to some smart planning and quick-thinking, a weekend of challenging conditions had become a triumph of luxury interspersed with mountain-hut adventure and, after that heli lift, the run of the season.

Travel essentials

Getting there

Simon Usborne travelled with Peligoni Ski, which offers a four-night ski safari starting in Zermatt from £2,450pp including flights from London, rail transfers, accommodation, one heli drop, guides and full touring equipment.

More information

zermatt.ch


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~





~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Thomas Vinje: “Without curiosity, one will never find the right ways forward” Not known

Thomas Vinje, the global head of antitrust at Clifford Chance, acted for FairSearch, a coalition of organisations seeking robust competition in the online sphere, against Google, which has been fined €2.4 billion by the European Commission for abusing its dominant position to promote its own shopping service.

What were the main challenges in this case?

Preventing the previous commission from accepting an unwise settlement.



What are the best decisions you’ve taken?

To hire the fantastic lawyers who work with me — the leader of any team is only as good as his or her colleagues.



Who has inspired you in your career?

Pete Seeger, the American folk singer, inspired me to believe in the power of song to bring people together to change the world…


~_~


BEIRUT A suicide bomber in Syria's Hama killed two people and injured nine others on Thursday, state media said, in the second such attack in a government-held city this week.

State television said the attacker set off an explosive belt at a bus station in the southwest of the city.

The governor of Hama said the explosion killed two women, according to another state-run channel, Ikhbariya. It had quoted him earlier as saying three people had died.

On Sunday, a bomb killed 20 people and wounded dozens more in Damascus.

Since the start of the year, a string of blasts have hit the cities of Damascus and Homs, which are under the control of President Bashar al-Assad's government fighting rebel groups in the country's six-year war.

(Reporting by Ellen Francis; editing by Andrew Roche)


~_~


Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.


~_~


Description: The team behind Raspberry Pi, the British-based not-for-profit company that produces a microcomputer to inspire and educate a new generation of programmers has won the UK’s top engineering innovation prize, the Royal Academy of Engineering MacRobert Award. Report by Sarah Mills and Mia Womersley.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript


~_~


Day

10

A last day begins with the chance to see the extraordinary dabawallahs in action - some 1,000 'tiffin-box' distributors who carry home-cooked lunches to around 160,000 office-workers each day with unerring logistical accuracy! After visiting the vast Dhobi Ghat open-air laundry pause for lunch (payable locally) and continue then to the former Prince of Wales Museum, with its astonishing collection of Western Indian artefacts. Admire the Gothic fantasy of the Victoria Terminus railway station and the simple Mani Bhawan house that served as Gandhi's 'Bombay' base. Soak up the atmosphere of famous Juhu Beach, before a farewell dinner brings a fitting end to a wonderful holiday, and you transfer to the airport for the return overnight flight.


~_~


US President-elect Donald Trump has suggested that Nigel Farage would do a “great job” as the UK's ambassador in Washington. Here are some of the key questions around Mr Trump's latest indication that he will not play by the usual diplomatic rules.



How did the leader of Ukip, a party which has just one MP in the Commons, become a key player in the future of US-UK relations?

Mr Trump drew inspiration for his success from the UK's vote to leave the European Union and saw a kindred spirit in the Ukip leader, who had also employed populist, anti-establishment, anti-immigration rhetoric to secure an electoral upset. The bond was strengthened as Mr Trump dubbed himself “Mr Brexit” and the Ukip leader flew over to Mississippi to address a rally for the Republican candidate. Following Mr Trump's victory in the electoral race, Mr Farage became the first British politician to meet the new president-elect.

How close are the ties between the Trump and Farage camps?

The Breitbart news website provides a transatlantic link between the two men. The strident right-wing website's executive chairman was Steve Bannon, who played a leading role in the Trump campaign and has been named as the president-elect's chief strategist. The website's British counterpart is edited by Raheem Kassam, a former aide to Mr Farage who was briefly a candidate in Ukip's latest leadership contest. Mr Kassam was part of the group - styling themselves as the Brex Pistols - who accompanied Mr Farage on the visit to Trump Tower.

What has Number 10 had to say about Mr Trump's suggestion?

A spokesman stressed that “there is no vacancy” in Washington because “we already have an excellent ambassador to the US”. Downing Street stressed that “as a basic principle, we appoint our ambassadors”.

UK news in pictures







30 show all UK news in pictures

























































1/30 5 July 2017 Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaking after being awarded an honorary degree at the University of Edinburgh in Edinburgh AFP/Getty

2/30 5 July 2017 Spectators are led in on day three of the Wimbledon Championships at The All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club PA

3/30 4 July 2017 Queen Elizabeth II talks with Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon during an audience at the Palace of Holyroodhouse PA

4/30 4 July 2017 Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay, with his wife Kati Mackinlay, leave Westminster Magistrates' Court in London where he faced charges over his 2015 general election expenses PA

5/30 3 July 2017 Security staff with dogs before the start of play at Wimbledon Reuters

6/30 2 July 2017 Competitors take part in the first ever Ironman triathlon to be held in Scotland. Almost 2000 competitors took part in the grueling swim, cycle and road race which ended in Holyrood park. The swimming section was held at Preston Links in Prestonpans. PA

7/30 1 July 2017 People hold placards reading 'Wot A DisMay' and 'Not One Day More' as they take part in an anti-austerity demonstration outside Parliament in London, Britain. Tens of thousands of people took part in a demonstration against British Government and called to end austerity, further cuts and privatisation. EPA

8/30 30 June 2017 A screen displaying an image of Martyn Hett outside Stockport Town Hall as mourners arrive for his funeral on June 30, 2017 in Stockport, England. Twenty-nine year old Martyn Hett was one of 22 people who died in the suicide bombing at Manchester Arena after attending an Ariana Grande concert Getty Images

9/30 29 June 2017 Campaigners from Avaaz dressed as British Prime Minister Theresa May and Australian media Mogul Rupert Murdoch pose during a photocall outside the Houses of Parliament on Campaigners from Avaaz dressed as British Prime Minister Theresa May and Australian media Mogul Rupert Murdoch pose during a photocall outside the Houses of Parliament on June 29, 2017 in London, England. Culture Secretary Karen Bradley announced that the Competitions and Markets Authority is to conduct a further six-month investigation into Murdoch’s proposed £11.7bn takeover of Sky. Getty Images

10/30 27 June 2017 Workers using safety harnesses abseil off Bray Tower on the Chacots Estate in North London. The abseilers were taking measurements and taking notes as they scaled the building. The high-rise Tower blocks in Camden are still in the process of evacuation with some tenants refusing to leave after the cladding on the buildings was discovered to be similar to that found on the fire stricken Grenfell Tower Pete Maclaine / i-Images

11/30 27 June 2017 Workmen start to remove cladding on Hornchurch Court, Hulme, Manchester as as Prime Minister Theresa May has said there must be a "major national investigation" into the use of potentially flammable cladding on high-rise towers across the country over a period of decades in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire PA

12/30 26 June 2017 A festival-goer sleeps outside their tent at the end of the Glastonbury Festival of Music and Performing Arts on Worthy Farm near the village of Pilton in Somerset, South West England Getty

13/30 26 June 2017 Residents leave their home on the Taplow Block on the Chalcots Estate on June 26, 2017 in London, England. Residents of the Chalcots Estate have been urged to leave their homes due to fire safety fears in the wake of the Grenfell Tower tragedy. Four of the five Chalcots Estate towers in Camden, North London, are being evacuated after they were found to have similar cladding to that on Grenfell, attributed to contributing to the rapid spread of the blaze last week that killed at least 79 people Getty Images

14/30 25 June 2017 Police officers on Romford Road in Forest Gate, east London, as people protest over the death of Edir Frederico Da Costa, who died on June 21 six days after he was stopped in a car by Metropolitan Police officers in Woodcocks, Beckton, in Newham, east London PA

15/30 24 June 2017 Britain's opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn addresses revellers from the Pyramid Stage at Worthy Farm in Somerset during the Glastonbury Festival REUTERS

16/30 23 June 2017 British Prime Minister Theresa May addresses a news conference at the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, June 23, 2017 Reuters

17/30 22 June 2017 Cosplay fans (L-R) George Massingham, Abbey Forbes and Karolina Goralik travel by tube dressed in Harry Potter themed costumes, after a visit to one the literary franchise's movie filming locations at Leadenhall Market in London, Britain Reuters

18/30 22 June 2017 Racegoers cheer on their horse on Ladies Day at the Royal Ascot horse racing meet, in Ascot, west of London Getty

19/30 21 June 2017 A reveller walks among the tipi tents at the Glastonbury Festival of Music and Performing Arts on Worthy Farm near the village of Pilton in Somerset, South West England Getty

20/30 20 June 2017 A police officer lays some flowers passed over by a member of the public, close to Finsbury Park Mosque in north London, after one man died and eight people were taken to hospital and a person arrested after a rental van struck pedestrian PA

21/30 The Borough Market bell is seen in Borough Market in central London following its re-opening after the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

22/30 Two women embrace in Borough Market, which officially re-opens today following the recent attack, in central London REUTERS/Hannah McKay

23/30 Mayor of London Sadiq Khan attends the re-opening of Borough market in central London following the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

24/30 People walk through Borough Market in central London following its re-opening after the June 3 terror attack Getty Images

25/30 News Corp CEO Rupert Murdoch, with one of his daughters, visit Borough Market, which officially re-opened today following the recent attack REUTERS

26/30 A woman reacts in front of a wall of messages in Borough Market, which officially re-opened today following the recent attack, in central London REUTERS/Hannah Mckay

27/30 Vivenne Westwood walks the runway at the Vivenne Westwood show during the London Fashion Week Men's June 2017 collections Getty Images

28/30 Millwall fan and London Bridge hero Roy Larner on 'Good Morning Britain' Rex

29/30 Richard Arnold, Roy Larner, Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid on 'Good Morning Britain' Rex

30/30 11 June 2017 England players celebrate after defeating Venezuela 1-0 to win the final of the FIFA U-20 World Cup Korea 2017 at Suwon World Cup Stadium in Suwon, South Korea AP

So who is the “excellent ambassador”?

Sir Kim Darroch, a veteran diplomat, took up the Washington post in January. Before that, he served as David Cameron's national security adviser from 2012 to 2015 and his former roles include being the UK's permanent representative to the European Union. Traditionally, ambassadors to Washington remain in post for four years, but it is not uncommon for them to serve more than one term. Mr Farage has dismissed Sir Kim as an “arch-europhile”.

What does Sir Kim think of Mr Trump?

A leaked memo suggested the diplomat believed British influence could shape Mr Trump's thinking. The document, obtained by the Sunday Times, was reportedly written by Sir Kim in the immediate aftermath of Mr Trump's election win. It said Mr Trump was “above all an outsider and unknown quantity, whose campaign pronouncements may reveal his instincts, but will surely evolve and, particularly, be open to outside influence if pitched right”. Sir Kim added: “Having, we believe, built better relationships with his team than have the rest of Washington diplomatic corps, we should be well placed to do this.”

Press Association


~_~


MUMBAI (Reuters Breakingviews) - It is hard to let go of a unicorn. Indian e-commerce firm Snapdeal has rejected a roughly $850 million takeover offer from its larger rival Flipkart, a person familiar with the situation told Breakingviews. A sale at this price would fall short of the startup industry’s magical $1 billion-plus mark, let alone the peak valuation of $6.5 billion Snapdeal hit more than a year ago. But the rebuff is probably a mistake: buyers are scarce and a delay is only likely to lead to a lower price.

Japan's SoftBank is the largest shareholder and has been pushing for a quick sale. But it needs the support of other investors including Snapdeal's founders, as it does not control the board of the country's number three e-commerce player. A sale will hurt in the short-run given the technology conglomerate has spent around $1 billion on Snapdeal at valuations up to an estimated $5 billion. However, Reuters reports that founder Masayoshi Son wants to invest a further $1 billion to become a top shareholder in the enlarged entity.

Throwing good money after bad has some logic for the Japanese. The merged group could later be combined with the retail unit of Paytm, another industry player that is backed by Alibaba, the Chinese giant already part-owned by SoftBank. If the end result is a profitable, dominant outfit, that would also help to preserve SoftBank's boasting rights. Leaving aside Alibaba, the Japanese company claims to have earned a 43 percent cumulative return over the past 18 years on internet investments worth $7 billion. At this point, Snapdeal looks like a blot on that record.

With Amazon the only other significant player in the industry, Snapdeal has a poor negotiating position. Flipkart already counts powerhouses like China's Tencent, U.S. marketplace eBay, and Microsoft among its investors. Holdouts may be disappointed with the valuation on the table, and possibly other terms and conditions. But one thing is almost certain: the longer this sale drags out the less Snapdeal will look like a unicorn.


~_~


UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.


~_~


Gold is continuing to wane against a backdrop of rising rates speculation and rising bond yields, but was inching higher this morning in response to global political tensions.

The spot gold price was trading at $1,222 an ounce at the time of writing, up 0.4 per cent for the session but only after it hit an eight-week low of $1,217 earlier on.

It was at $1,225 two days ago on the back of its first monthly loss this year in June.

Gold's problems stem from the expectation of rising interest rates and tighter monetary policy, as well as the reality that this is already happening, albeit gradually, in the US.

James Steel, an analyst at HSBC, pointed to comments last week from US, Eurozone and UK policymakers on global "reflation", says Bullion Vault. [https://www.bullionvault.com/gold-news/gold-bullion-070520172]

This has been driving down demand and prices for bonds, which pushes up yields. Gold is inversely correlated to bond yields and also responds negatively to rising rates as it does not offer any income and so its opportunity cost increases.

The most recent declines for gold are seen to be in correlation with rising eurozone bond yields.

The reason gold has failed to move any further, however, is that some traders are keen on its "safe haven" appeal in the wake of simmering geopolitical tensions following this week's missile test by North Korea.

Gold is near its 200-day moving average and its next big move could be decisive, experts believe.

The precious metal is in a "tug of war between this reflation narrative [and] rising geopolitical tensions," says Kamal Sharma, a currency strategist at the US investment bank Merrill Lynch.

Gold price sees first monthly loss of 2017

03 July

Gold hit a seven-week low today after recovering its first monthly trading loss so far this year.

Trading was down 1.2 per cent to below $1,226 an ounce, its lowest level since 12 May.

The metal rose above its 200-day moving average price in early May, prompting it to go on a prolonged rally that saw it gain around $50 an ounce over three weeks, Reuters reports.

However, it has "declined steadily ever since", being hit more recently by a rise in bond yields at a time of rising interest rates.

The US Federal Reserve increased interest rates for the second time this year last month and are projected to increase them again at least once more before the end of 2017.

Rates rises decrease the relative value of fixed-income assets, which reduces demand, hits prices and ups yields.

Gold tends to be positively correlated with bond prices - and so negatively correlated with yields - because it offers no income and loses lustre when rates are rising.

Also hitting gold today has been a recovery for the dollar after a poor run, as concerns ease over global political issues, including the UK government's stability.

Trading is back near its 200-day moving average, which means analysts are closely watching whether prices find support and rebound or continue to slide, potentially presaging a more significant decline.

"The political front is likely to attract continued demand, but [that is] currently not strong enough to offset the impact of rising yields," Saxo Bank's Ole Hansen said.

Gold price at four-week low as focus shifts to rates

19 June

The gold price fell to a four-week low today, marking a near-$50 retreat from its highs earlier this month.

The fall was set in motion at the end of last week in the wake of the Federal Reserve raising interest rates for the second time this year. Hints of a possible third rise in the coming months are also affecting trading.

While the Fed's move was widely expected, it's seen as being increasingly hawkish on rates – and higher rates hurt non-yielding assets like gold relative to income-bearing alternatives.

Bloomberg says that some hedge funds had anticipated the move. They traded net long positions (bets on prices being higher in the future) down by more than ten per cent ahead of the Fed's Open Markets Committee meeting last week.

The precious metal was trading a little below $1,295 an ounce earlier this month and was on course to set a new 2017 high.

Today it's still edging lower. At the time of writing, it's changing hands at around $1,248 an ounce – its lowest level since 24 May, according to Reuters.

Alongside the rates focus – which also has the effect of boosting the dollar against which gold is negatively correlated – a confluence of geopolitical issues that was driving trader uncertainty appears to have dissipated.

When traders are nervous they tend to turn to gold, which is famously a safe haven at times of stress.

Issues that were a source of concern include the increasingly bellicose rhetoric between Donald Trump and North Korea, and the James Comey scandal that was seen as having the potential to bring down Trump's administration.

These issues have not gone away completely, however. Uncertainty in Europe remains high after the UK election result which will see the Brexit talks finally get underway.

Reuters says traders are currently seeing a range-bound trade for gold, with resistance at $1,260 an ounce and support for the 100-day average price of $1,248, or the 200-day average of $1,240.

Gold price could rise to $1,300 on political uncertainty

6 June

The gold price was close to its highest levels in 2007 this afternoon, raising the possibility it could top $1,300 an ounce as political uncertainty linked to the UK, Europe and the US mounts.

Spot gold was a little below $1,293 an ounce after earlier hitting around $1,294.

"Generally light positioning and numerous upcoming geopolitical events should continue to underpin demand for the metal," Sam Laughlin, a senior precious metals trader at MKS, said in a note reported by Reuters.

He added that targets for the metal were now "extending to the 2017 high around $1,295 and the psychological level of $1,300 above this".

Today's move up is attributed to a fall in Treasury yields and the dollar in response to "political uncertainty from the United States to the Middle East", reports Reuters.

Gold is negatively correlated to the dollar, against which it's held as a hedge. It also tends to benefit from political anxiety due to the belief that it's a safe haven" in times of stress.

A "political rift" between Saudi Arabia and its allies and Qatar "may force oil prices lower and remove some of the inflationary pressures" that could prompt interest rate rises.

Gold is also inversely correlated to interest rates as it doesn't offer an income yield and therefore loses ground when rates are higher.

Elsewhere, a political "super Thursday" looms: "British voters will also go to polls in an increasingly unpredictable general election, the European Central Bank is due to meet and… former FBI director James Comey will testify before Congress".

Reuters adds: "The events all have the potential to boost the safe-haven appeal of bullion, which is often used as an investment option during times of political and financial uncertainty."

Gold prices respond to poor US jobs data

5 June

The gold price jumped by more than one per cent on Friday and jumped again this morning as it hit its highest level in six weeks following a weak US jobs report on Friday.

Spot gold rose by 1.1 per cent in New York in the final trading session of last week. At the time of writing, it is up by 0.3 per cent for the day at above $1,280 an ounce.

Reuters says the metal peaked at $1,282 an ounce earlier this morning, its highest level since 21 April.

On Friday, the US Labor Department announced the economy had added 138,000 jobs in May, a figure well below the 180,000 expected by economists.

"Official job creation figures for March and April were also revised down," says the BBC.

Strong jobs growth is one of the main indicators of a steadily improving US economy. As such, the official monthly updates are keenly watched for signals of the likely path of US interest rates.

If employment, and the economy in general, continue to improve, rates rises might gather pace. This would be bad news for non-yielding gold, whose opportunity cost goes up when rates are higher.

Friday's figures are being interpreted as a sign that the path of rates rises could be slower.

Reuters says that political anxiety linked to the London terror attacks at the weekend and the tightening UK general election polls is "supporting" gold's advance.

The BBC reports, however, that the unemployment rate in the US fell again last month to 4.3 per cent, meaning its apparent cooling could be a sign of the economy approaching "full employment".

Traders still believe a rates rise is very likely to happen soon. Market bets on a second rise this year at the Federal Reserve's June meeting next week are running at 95 per cent, says the Financial Times.

This in turn suggests that if the central bank believes the jobs data miss is sufficient reason to keep rates on hold again, the market could undergo a sizeable correction that would be likely to push the yellow metal higher again.

Gold price surges as crisis engulfs Trump

18 May

The gold price is surging on renewed safe-haven demand as a major crisis engulfing Donald Trump delivers a sizable hit to the stock markets.

Talk of impeachment hangs in the air in Washington following allegations over possible links between the administration and Russia and former FBI director James Comey's accusations that the US President tried to interfere with a bureau investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.

Markets have risen since Trump's election last November in order to factor policies that could stimulate the economy, including a radical programme of tax cuts and infrastructure spending.

"The news out of Washington is alerting markets to the rising implementation risk associated with the pro-growth policies that have already been priced into markets," Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic adviser to Allianz, told the Financial Times.

"The more this occurs, the greater the downward pressure on stocks, the dollar and government bond yields."

Yesterday, the S&P 500 fell 1.8 per cent, while the volatility index, a measure of market fear, jumped 45 per cent and the dollar "slid to its lowest level since Trump was elected".

Gold, on the other hand, was up close to $30 to hit a two-week high of $1,264 an ounce. Spot gold was holding around $1,255 at the time of writing.

Trading had been recovering recently as a result of geopolitical tensions relating to Trump's rhetoric over North Korean missile tests, but had settled somewhat of late.

Gold price bounces back as US economy disappoints

16 May

The gold price hit a two-week high yesterday as it bounced back for the fourth consecutive session on the back of poor US economic data.

Having tempered some of those gains overnight, trading rose again this afternoon and was 0.5 per cent higher at $1,235 an ounce.

Gold had been under pressure following the apparent subsiding of global political uncertainty with the election of Emmanuel Macron in France and the cessation of rhetorical hostilities between US President Donald Trump and his North Korean counterpart Kim Jong-un.

As the metal is a store of value in times of stress, it had previously benefitted from "safe-haven" buying.

However, says Reuters, some of that global political tension has returned with North Korea launching another missile test, accusations that Trump leaked state secrets to Russia and the massive "ransomware" cyber attack around the world.

But gold is mostly reacting to a fall in the value of the dollar, which the Financial Times says hit a five-month low today on the back of poor economic data.

Included in the weak recent figures were underwhelming reports on inflation and retail sales on Friday, which both missed analyst expectations, and a drop in New York manufacturing output.

Gold is often held as a hedge against the currency and consequently is negatively correlated to the dollar. Weak economic data also counts against the case for more rapid interest rate rises and non-yielding assets such as gold do better when rates stay low.

"Spot gold may rise more to $1,245 per ounce, as it has cleared a resistance at $1,233," says Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao.


~_~


French Open semi-finalist Dominic Thiem takes on France's Gilles Simon at Wimbledon on Thursday, hoping to make inroads into what has been the weakest grand slam for one of the so-called next generation of men's tennis.

The 23-year-old Austrian eighth seed produced one of his finest displays on clay to knock out holder Novak Djokovic in Paris last month, only to come up against the immovable obstacle of Rafa Nadal in the last four.

But in his past three Wimbledon appearances, Thiem has not made it past the second round - a run he will be hoping to end against 32-year-old Simon, who is ranked 36th in the world.

Roger Federer, Milos Raonic, Novak Djokovic and Angelique Kerber are also in action.

Wimbledon Day Three: Murray makes it four Brits into the third round

(All times BST, seeds in brackets)

Centre Court

13:00: (15) Gael Monfils (Fra) v Kyle Edmund (Gbr), (3) Karolina Pliskova (Cze) v Magdalena Rybarikova (Svk), Dusan Lajovic (Ser) v (3) Roger Federer (Swi)

Court 1

13:00: Adam Pavlasek (Cze) v (2) Novak Djokovic (Ser), (8) Dominic Thiem (Aut) v Gilles Simon (Fra), (1) Angelique Kerber (Ger) v Kirsten Flipkens (Bel)

Court 2

11:30: (13) Grigor Dimitrov (Bul) v Marcos Baghdatis (Cyp), (9) Agnieszka Radwanska (Pol) v Christina McHale (USA), (6) Milos Raonic (Can) v Mikhail Youzhny (Rus), Tsvetana Pironkova (Bul) v (5) Caroline Wozniacki (Den)

Court 3

11:30: Ekaterina Makarova (Rus) v (7) Svetlana Kuznetsova (Rus), (29) Juan Martin Del Potro (Arg) v Ernests Gulbis (Lat), Yanina Wickmayer (Bel) v (14) Garbine Muguruza (Spa), Frances Tiafoe (USA) v (10) Alexander Zverev (Ger)

Court 4

11:30: Nikoloz Basilashvili (Geo) & Andreas Haider-Maurer (Aut) v Hugo Nys (Fra) & Antonio Sancic (Croatia), Ipek Soylu (Tur) & Varatchaya Wongteanchai (Tha) v Mandy Minella (Lux) & Anastasija Sevastova (Lat), Beatriz Haddad Maia (Bra) & Ana Konjuh (Cro) v (6) Abigail Spears (USA) & Katarina Srebotnik (Slo)

Court 5

11:30: Philipp Petzschner (Ger) & Alexander Peya (Aut) v Robin Haase (Ned) & Dominic Inglot (Gbr), Roman Jebavy (Cze) & Jiri Vesely (Cze) v (3) Jamie Murray (Gbr) & Bruno Soares (Bra), (11) Raquel Atawo (USA) & Jelena Ostapenko (Lat) v Jocelyn Rae (Gbr) & Laura Robson (Gbr)

Court 6

11:30: Kateryna Bondarenko (Ukr) & Aleksandra Krunic (Ser) v (14) Kiki Bertens (Ned) & Johanna Larsson (Swe), (1) Henri Kontinen (Fin) & John Peers (Aus) v Fabio Fognini (Ita) & Andreas Seppi (Ita), Varvara Lepchenko (USA) & Carina Witthoeft (Ger) v (2) Ekaterina Makarova (Rus) & Elena Vesnina (Rus), Dino Marcan (Cro) & Tristan-Samuel Weissborn (Aut) v (14) Florin Mergea (Rom) & Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi (Pak)

Court 7

11:30: Guillermo Duran (Arg) & Andres Molteni (Arg) v Samuel Groth (Aus) & Robert Lindstedt (Swe), Harriet Dart (Gbr) & Katy Dunne (Gbr) v Naomi Broady (Gbr) & Heather Watson (Gbr), Marcos Baghdatis (Cyp) & Malek Jaziri (Tun) v Steve Darcis (Bel) & Benoit Paire (Fra), Catherine Cartan Bellis (USA) & Marketa Vondrousova (Cze) v Jessica Moore (Aus) & Akiko Omae (Jpn)

Court 8

11:30: Leander Paes (Ind) & Adil Shamasdin (Can) v Julian Knowle (Aut) & Philipp Oswald (Aut), (5) Bob Bryan (USA) & Mike Bryan (USA) v Marc Polmans (Aus) & Andrew Whittington (Aus), (8) Ashleigh Barty (Aus) & Casey Dellacqua (Aus) v Jelena Jankovic (Ser) & Coco Vandeweghe (USA), Nao Hibino (Jpn) & Alicja Rosolska (Pol) v Mirjana Lucic-Baroni (Cro) & Andrea Petkovic (Ger)

Court 9

11:30: Ariel Behar (Uru) & Aliaksandr Bury (Blr) v Marcus Daniell (Nzl) & Marcelo Demoliner (Bra), Chia-Jung Chuang (Tpe) & Misaki Doi (Jpn) v Oksana Kalashnikova (Geo) & Francesca Schiavone (Ita), Dustin Brown (Ger) & Mischa Zverev (Ger) v (8) Rohan Bopanna (Ind) & Edouard Roger-Vasselin (Fra), Lyudmyla Kichenok (Ukr) & Lesia Tsurenko (Ukr) v Darija Jurak (Cro) & Qiang Wang (Chn)

Court 11

11:30: Johan Brunstrom (Swe) & Andreas Siljestrom (Swe) v Sander Arends (Ned) & Hsien-Yin Peng (Tpe), Nadiia Kichenok (Ukr) & Olga Savchuk (Ukr) v Magda Linette (Pol) & Maria Sanchez (USA), Santiago Gonzalez (Mex) & Donald Young (USA) v (2) Pierre-Hugues Herbert (Fra) & Nicolas Mahut (Fra)

Court 12

11:30: Dudi Sela (Isr) v (23) John Isner (USA), Ryan Harrison (USA) v (11) Tomas Berdych (Cze), Kristina Kucova (Svk) v (19) Timea Bacsinszky (Swi), Shelby Rogers (USA) v (32) Lucie Safarova (Cze)

Court 14

11:30: (27) Mischa Zverev (Ger) v Mikhail Kukushkin (Kaz), Zarina Diyas (Kaz) v Arina Rodionova (Aus), Jared Donaldson (USA) v (32) Paolo Lorenzi (Ita)

Court 15

11:30: Gilles Muller (Lux) & Sam Querrey (USA) v Nikola Mektic (Cro) & Franko Skugor (Cro), (16) Oliver Marach (Aut) & Mate Pavic (Cro) v Kevin Krawietz (Ger) & Igor Zelenay (Svk), Natela Dzalamidze (Rus) & Veronika Kudermetova (Rus) v Lauren Davis (USA) & Xinyun Han (Chn)

Court 16

11:30: Tatjana Maria (Ger) v (24) Coco Vandeweghe (USA), Yuichi Sugita (Jpn) v Adrian Mannarino (Fra), Petra Martic (Cro) v Denisa Allertova (Cze), (29) Daria Kasatkina (Rus) v Anett Kontaveit (Est)

Court 17

11:30: David Ferrer (Spa) v Steve Darcis (Bel), Lesia Tsurenko (Ukr) v Viktorija Golubic (Swi), Sorana Cirstea (Rom) v Bethanie Mattek-Sands (USA), Kenneth Skupski (Gbr) & Neal Skupski (Gbr) v Brydan Klein (Gbr) & Joe Salisbury (Gbr)

Court 18

11:30: Varvara Lepchenko (USA) v Polona Hercog (Slo), (12) Kristina Mladenovic (Fra) v Alison Riske (USA), Andrey Rublev (Rus) v (25) Albert Ramos-Vinolas (Spa), (17) Jack Sock (USA) v Patrick Ofner (Aut)


~_~


ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: New Yorkers and tourists in Times Square took a trip back in time on Tuesday (June 27), courtesy of repurposed phone booths outfitted with oral histories from the city's storied immigrant population. Afghan-American artist Aman Mojadidi and Times Square Arts introduced the interactive art installation "Once Upon a Place," which allows participants to listen to the stories of immigrants who moved to New York through the receivers of old pay phones - once a common sight on city streets. Mojadidi came up with the idea when he heard that the phone booths were being removed. "I wanted to do sort of an urban project about migration, a storytelling project," he said. "For me the fact that these phone booths were being removed, I immediately thought about bringing them back and putting a different kind of story into them." The artist reworked three phone booths and collected stories from several immigrants who now call New York home. Their stories were recorded in English or in their native languages. Visitors can step into the booths and listen to the narrations on the phone. Marelisa Morejon, an immigrant from Cuba, decided to listen as she passed by the installation. "You can hear different histories, and it's very touching," she said. Visitors and New Yorkers will be able to hear the stories through September 5.


~_~


Inspector Morse creator Colin Dexter, who died on Tuesday, was a prolific creator of crosswords both real and fictional. Here are five clues that sum up his life of witty wordplay

Take in bachelor? It could do (3)

No sooner has DI Morse met Sgt Lewis for the first time than Morse thrusts a copy of the Times at Lewis and tells him to, “Have a look at 14 down.” Lewis, an occasional solver of the Mirror’s quick crossword, is “much puzzled”.

Morse, played by John Thaw in the TV adaptation, explains that it is the curious mixture of highbrow (R from the abbreviation for recipe, the Latin for “take”, inside BA, a bachelor’s degree) and lowbrow (the answer, BRA) that appeals to his cryptic mind. He asks: “Do you think I’m wasting your time, Lewis?”

Colin Dexter: a mischievous, generous man every bit as clever as his creations Read more

But of course, there’s a connection to the murder they’re about to work on; more importantly, Lewis’s reply (“Yes, sir”) reveals him to be the perfect sidekick.

It also proved, nine pages into his first novel, that the writer, Colin Dexter, was as deft with the misdirection and playfulness of cryptic cluing as he was with the same elements of the whodunnit.

Item gran arranged family slides in? (5,7)

This is Dexter’s clue for MAGIC LANTERN, the predecessor of the slide projector. In the wordplay, you “arrange” the letters of ITEM GRAN, then “slide in” another word for “family”: CLAN. The clue works simultaneously as a fair definition of the answer, and as a recipe for the answer’s letters. Such all-in-one clues are the acme of cryptic setting, and Dexter rightly won a prize.

Colin Dexter with John Thaw in 1990. Photograph: ITV/REX/Shutterstock

The prize was for the monthly clue-writing competition for solvers of the Observer’s crossword, as much cerebral community as puzzle, which Dexter first entered 60 years ago. The winners are announced in a newsletter, which in 1976 noted “the disappearance from these lists for some time of NC (Colin) Dexter, for many years a redoubtable competitor”.

Dexter had taken time off crosswords to write the first two Morse novels, but had not forsaken them: in the first, Last Bus to Woodstock, every character except the murderer is named after a competition entrant, most notably Dexter’s arch-rivals: Lloyds chairman Sir Jeremy Morse and crossword setter Mrs B Lewis.

The real-life Morse, Dexter’s neighbour and “the cleverest man I ever met”, became a friend when Dexter was pruning a hedge in the 1960s. Morse introduced himself by saying: “I thought we’d better get acquainted.” And the fictional Morse took Dexter from famous-in-crosswords to famous full-stop.

Bradman’s famous duck (6)

Presently, Dexter began setting entire puzzles, as Codex for the Oxford Times, in a style that was tricky but playful and demanding of local knowledge. His wonderfully apt nom de guerre made him a full member of the club of Britain’s pseudonymous setters.

But he saved some of his best for Morse to solve. The clue above, which alludes to Don Bradman’s notorious dismissal at the Oval in 1948, is ingenious but very simple in its two definitions of DONALD: Bradman himself, and the celebrated cartoon waterfowl. In the novel, the clue is attributed to Quixote, a real-life setter known in this paper as Pasquale, who ruefully remarked: “Oh, that I had written it!”

In which are the Islets of Langerhans (8)

And Morse’s solving was no mere hobby. Our next clue, putatively from the Times, takes him two minutes to solve, making his time for the whole puzzle a frustrating 12 and a half minutes. But his pride’s loss is law and order’s gain.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dexter on set, 1996. Photograph: Tim Ockenden/PA

Once Morse fathoms that the setter intends for him to waste time wondering whether those islets are in the Baltic or the South China Sea, when really they are in the PANCREAS, he grasps that the suspects in The Silent Death of Nicholas Quinn are likewise colluding to make him answer the wrong question: in this case, who was at the cinema for a blue movie, when in fact no one was.

The trouble with my method, Lewis, is it’s inspirational. And as a result, I sometimes – sometimes – get things arse-about-face.

The Morse novels are a celebration of thinking like a crossword solver: it’s a hobby that makes you more sceptical, more nimble, and – at least in the case of Morse – one that saves lives.



The hidden extra answer among the entries MOROCCO, LINEAGE, CEDED and EXTERIORS

Eagle-eyed Times solvers on 18 March 1993 might have noticed that as well as the answers JOHN and THAW, if you read from the end of one clue into the start of another, you could see the names of the composer and creator of the Morse TV series.

The steady-as-she-goes Times only really indulges in themes and hidden answers for events such as royal weddings, so this is was high praise indeed from the crosswording world.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dexter in March 2017. Photograph: Sophia Evans for the Observer

You can only hope that Dexter was kept in the dark and got to solve that one himself. He was a mean solver, too, and aimed to finish a puzzle in the time it took to eat his breakfast egg.

He gave up solving in 2009, when his eyesight was no longer up to it, but only this year called an end to 30 years of Hitchcock-like cameos in Morse, its sequel, Lewis, and its prequel, Endeavour.

He leaves us with those tales, the puzzles collected in book form as Chambers Morse Puzzles and the hundreds of commended clues in the archives of the Observer competition.

This replaces Monday’s post; the next post will appear on 3 April. Colin Dexter’s Desert Island Discs are available here.




~_~


3:57

Living With the Original iPhone... in 2017

Back in 2007, the iPhone was revolutionary. But what about using that same phone in 2017? WSJ's Joanna Stern locked up her iPhone 7 and attempted to make it through the day. Photo: Drew Evans/The Wall Street Journal.


~_~


These days the one thing you need to know to impress that wine buff you meet on Tinder or your wine snob of a brother-in-law is that orange wine is the latest thing.

So what exactly is orange wine? In a nutshell it's made using white wine grapes the red wine way. This means the grape skins are left on after they're crushed in what is saucily dubbed "skin contact".

Pronounced by a French sommelier, the words conjure images of forbidden relations between the vines. In practice, skin contact gives birth to a wine that often looks a lot like a dark yellow chardonnay but can produce the complexity and tannins of a red wine, while keeping the cool refreshing character of a chilled white.

Is orange wine new? As it happens, no. They've been making wine this way – particularly in Georgia – for millennia. But closer to home adventurous wine makers are attempting to revive its popularity and give wine lovers something fresh to enjoy on a sunny day.

The Week Portfolio tried five Italian orange wines on a warm summer evening at The Hive of Vyner Street in east London – here's what we thought:

2015 A. Maule 'Sassaia'

Grape: Garganega

This honey-coloured gem from Veneto has had three days of sensual skin contact and no intervention (no additives, temperature control, etc). The result is a friendly and approachable wine with a lot of promise.

2015 Baglio Bianco

Grape: Garganega

This drop from north-west Italy is nicely citrusy. We were advised that "the tannins make this wine stand up." Its sharper taste reminded us of a stinging barb from a witty aunt. Very quaffable.

2014 AA Zidarich

Grape: Vitovska

This cloudy-in-appearance north-eastern Italian wine is perhaps more strawberry blonde than ginger. Less complex than we expected, it lacks the fruitiness you'd expect from a garden variety white.

2014 Tenuta Grillo 'Sancho Panza'

Grape: Fiano

This gem from southern Campagna is a major step up in terms of tannins. It's floral and fruity with notes of honeysuckle and orange blossom, and would pair nicely with rich food.

2009 AA Denavolo 'Dinavolo'

Grape: Malvasia, Marsanne, Ortrugo

This is the darkest in colour by far, having had six months of skin contact. It's also strikingly different from the other wines we tried. The colour is reminiscent of a watery Aperol Spritz left in the sun. It has complex tannins – like a fine Bordeaux – with herby notes of thyme, and a dried apricot and candied orange flavour. This is a great wine that would definitely get tongues wagging at your next BBQ.

We were advised that orange wine is best served at 10 to 12 degrees Celsius (warmer than white, cooler than red). All wines are available at The Hive of Vyner Street, 286-290 Cambridge Heath Road (corner Vyner Street), London, E2 9DA


~_~


“She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said No!” is Donald Trump’s latest tweet targeting a female journalist. He was referring to “low IQ Crazy Mika” – that’s MSNBC’s Mika Brzezinsky, co-presenter of the Morning Joe programme, who had run a report critical of the US President.

Trump clearly plans no let-up in the feuds and sinister vendettas that have characterised his relationship with the US press. “The fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty,” the President tweeted last week, accusing news organisations of “purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate”.

Luckily for Mr Trump a number of high-profile UK journalists are on his side. So is Rupert Murdoch, an American citizen who owns Sky and newspapers The Times, The Sun and Sunday Times). According to Trump, Murdoch, who also owns Fox News in the US, is a “superb businessman and a world class CEO”.

Raheem Kassam, formerly Nigel Farage’s top adviser, delivers the Trump message as editor of Breitbart London. Breitbart employs James Delingpole of The Spectator, whose sceptical views on climate change make sense to Trump.

Foremost among Trump groupies, however, is Piers Morgan. The two men form a mutual congratulation society, and this is not surprising. Their fortunes are linked. Morgan went to the US to revive his career after being sacked as editor of the Daily Mirror for publishing crudely faked photographs of British soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners.

His major breakthrough came when he became the first winner of Trump’s Celebrity Apprentice. This was the show which rescued Donald Trump after he flirted with financial catastrophe in the 1990s.

Trump-themed artwork adorns a wall at The Daily Show-produced ‘Donald J Trump Presidential Twitter Library’ (Getty)

After his Apprentice triumph, Morgan replaced Trump’s friend Larry King as presenter of CNN’s flagship current affairs show. “It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest,” tweeted Trump in February 2011.

Three year’s later, when Morgan was dumped by CNN, Trump congratulated him again, this time “on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States” for MailOnline.

In our study of Trump’s social media output we discovered that Trump has mentioned or retweeted Morgan on Twitter almost 100 times, always approvingly. The issues are not always trivial. Trump used Morgan to alert his 20 million Twitter followers about the decisive FBI intervention in the presidential campaign at the end of October last year. He retweeted “@piersmorgan BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton’s email server after new discovery!”

In return Morgan always boosts Trump, especially when in trouble. When Trump’s plan “for a complete and total shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” was greeted with outrage in December 2015, Morgan tweeted: “Have any of the 200k plus British citizens who’ve signed the petition to ban Trump signed any petition to ban UK terror suspects returning from Iraq/Syria.”

A grateful Trump tweeted back: “Thank you Piers, they don’t know what they’re getting into.”

When Trump was under fire in 2012 for promoting the “birther” conspiracy theory that Barack Obama was not born in the US, Morgan helpfully told the Hollywood Reporter that Trump was the “personification of brash, successful America Incorporated”.

Under fire Trump retweeted the interview: “Thank you to @Piers Morgan for your nice statement about me”.

Morgan was a regular cheerleader for Trump during the presidential campaign. “Trump’s a fantastic debater. Don’t know why others even bother taking him on. Like goading a 3-ton bull.”

Back came Trump, regular as clockwork: “Thanks. @Piers Morgan, You’re great.” To be fair to Morgan, he was one of the very few journalists who completely grasped that mesmeric campaigning appeal of Donald Trump, especially when compared to his robotic opponent Hilary Clinton.

Trump's most controversial tweets

Nowadays Morgan goes on Fox News to stand up for the President. In February, with Trump’s presidency under sustained fire, Morgan – who is British – laid into CNN as “Un-American”.

Not being American himself, it’s hard to say exactly why Morgan felt qualified to make this statement, but there we are.

The relation repeats Morgan’s connection with Tony Blair, with whom (as he boasted in his diaries) he enjoyed “22 lunches, six dinners, six interviews, 24 further one-to-one chats over tea and biscuits, and numerous phone calls.”

From Blair to Trump is quite a journey. Trump follows just 45 Twitter accounts, and Morgan’s is one of them.

This means that when the US President switches on his Twitter feed he is sometimes subjected to Morgan’s rants against Arsene Wenger, the courteous and impeccably liberal manager of Arsenal (and outspoken early supporter of centrist French President Emmanuel Macron, the polar opposite of Trump).

Another Trump bastion in the British press is Katie Hopkins, like Morgan a MailOnline columnist. Hopkins has Trump’s The Apprentice to thank for her career too – she took part as a contestant in the British version in 2007 and has never looked back.

Hopkins is seen as a bigot by many British journalists, but not by Trump who tweeted this in December 2015: “Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of DailyMail.com for her powerful writing on the UK’s Muslim problems.”

He linked to an article headlined: “Don’t demonise Trump, he speaks for millions of Americans. And who can blame them for not wanting to end up like us.”

Trump urged British politicians to watch Hopkins on Fox News: “Many people in the UK agree with me.” For her part, Hopkins tweeted: “If Donald Trump wins the race to the White House I’m moving to America. Daring to bare what some people really think.”

Unfortunately for Britain, despite Trump’s victory, Katie Hopkins has yet to head across the pond.

A Trump Twitter Lexicon Tweets to April 2017: Put-downs ‘Bad’, ‘badly’: 598

‘Crooked’: 287

‘Dishonest’ - 120

‘Fail’, ‘failure’, ‘failing’: 432

‘Fake news’: 56

‘Fraud’: 74

‘Irrelevant’: 31

‘Lightweight’: 101

‘Losers’, ‘haters’: 157

‘Lying’: 58

‘Out of control’: 17

‘Overrated’: 37

‘Rigged’: 50

‘Sad!’: 88

‘Vicious’, ‘viciously’: 24

‘Worst’: 133 Trump on others The Obamas (Michelle and Barack): 2,568

The Clintons (Hillary, Bill and Chelsea): 986

Fox & Friends: 449

Mitt Romney: 430

Ted Cruz: 301

​Ivanka Trump: 255

​Megyn Kelly: 173

Sean Hannity: 163

​Melania Trump: 129

Piers Morgan: 99

Anthony Weiner: 80

Vladimir Putin: 66

Mike Pence: 21

James Comey: 17

Tiffany Trump: 6

​Barron Trump: 3 Contrition ‘I regret’: 0

‘I am sorry’: 0

‘I apologise’: 0

Journalists like Morgan and (more especially) Hopkins have become part of an echo chamber which reaffirms Trump’s outlook. Immediately after the terror atrocity at Westminster Hopkins went on Fox News to report from London that “people are cowed, people are afraid. People are not united.”

In fact Londoners were neither cowed nor afraid, and we were indeed united in horror (under the leadership of Sadiq Khan, a Muslim mayor) at the attack.

We quietly got on with our lives. This Fox News/Hopkins portrait of a capital city paralysed by terror was nonsense, but fits in with the Trumpian worldview of a western world engulfed by a clash of civilisations.

Following the Manchester concert bombing, Hopkins tweeted “We need a final solution”. The public outrage at her use of terminology associated with the Holocaust forced Hopkins to show rare contrition. But following the attack on London Bridge and Borough Market, she directed her fire at the city’s mayor, even while he was coordinating the response of the emergency services and authorities: “No, @SadiqKhan. We do not want to hear a single word from you. Not one word. London Bridge has fallen down on your watch, son # LondonBridge”

Trump piled in with a parallel attack on Khan: “At least seven dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ‘no reason to be alarmed!’” After the mayor’s spokesman detailed how the statement had “deliberately” been taken out of context, Trump piled in harder: “Pathetic excuse by London mayor Sadiq Khan, who had to think fast on his ‘no reason to be alarmed’” statement. MSM [mainstream media] is working hard to sell it!”

The parody Trump Presidential Library opened In Midtown Manhattan in New York(Getty)

Trump takes little notice of other voices in the British media, with the notable exception of the BBC, against which he has long held an especially bitter grudge. On Twitter he’s accused the BBC of “bias and stupidity”, “shoddy journalism” and producing “garbage”. When he gave his first press conference at the White House on in February, he dismissed BBC correspondent Jon Sopel with the phrase, “Here’s another beauty.”

As far as we can tell, Trump’s hostility to the national broadcaster has very little to do with the BBC’s allegedly liberal opinions. It is all about 2011 documentary You’ve Been Trumped by the fearless Anthony Baxter, exposing how Trump’s Scottish golf business bullied local residents.

For weeks Trump trolled the filmmaker, hurling tweet after tweet of abuse. The following is just a sample:

“Your documentary died many deaths. You have, in my opinion, zero talent.”

“Thanks for helping promote & make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful – you stupid fool!”

“Apprentice is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap & boring documentary is a tremendous flop.”

“Your documentary works better than any sleeping pill – in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!”

“Heard your documentary cost you less than $3,000 to make – where did you get that kind of money?”

When Baxter produced a follow-up documentary, Trump followed-up with another assault via Twitter. It ended with the future President asserting: “Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born f***** up!”

Our study of Trump’s Tweets opened our eyes to a deranged universe of racists and conspiracy theorists. Trump entertains notions that the Clintons murdered their opponents, that Barack Obama was born in Kenya, that climate change is a fabrication got up by the Chinese to destroy the American manufacturing industry, and that the US is under existential threat from what he calls “radical Islam”.

Before he entered the White House, he even retweeted one account under the macabre Twitter handle “White Genocide”, whose author turned out on inspection to be a sophisticated apologist for Hitler.

This is dark stuff and Mr Trump’s British apologists need to take great care. Katie Hopkins looks a lost cause but Piers Morgan has (probably at personal cost) maintained an element of independence, for example by demanding stronger gun laws in the US.

He is the only Briton with daily access to the President through his Twitter account. Perhaps he can use this access to become a force for good.

Peter Oborne and Tom Roberts are co-authors of ‘How Trump Thinks: His Tweets and the Birth of a New Political Language’ which is available on Amazon.


~_~





~_~


I was sceptical about Manchester’s new hire bikes, fearing they would all end up at the bottom of the Ship Canal.

Yet just a week after Chinese firm Mobike plonked 1,000 silver and orange two-wheelers on the streets of Manchester and Salford, I’m already a convert. Yes, there have been a few glitches with the app (you’re supposed to be able to reserve a bike for 15 minutes but I haven’t been able to for a few days), and I’ve no idea what those messages say that they’ve sent me in Chinese. But Mobikes are significantly better than London’s hire bikes, or any I’ve tried in other cities across the world. Here’s why:

1 You can leave them anywhere

There are no docking stations, so you can just park your Mobike at your destination, whether that’s outside your house, the pub, the cinema, the station. The other day I merrily left one in the Northern Quarter, a part of the city I have avoided by bike since mine got stolen there earlier in the year. In London I’ve had many infuriating experiences — notably, cycling to Euston on a Boris Bike to catch a train, only to discover the nearest docking station (which is still five minutes walk away from the platforms) is full. Not a problem with Mobikes. You can leave them anywhere within the boundaries of Manchester and Salford, as long as you park them somewhere public that doesn’t obstruct the road or pavement.

2 They’re cheap

At 50p per half hour, the pricing is low enough that you feel it’s worth a quick spin, even just a five-minute ride that would have taken 20 to walk. In London, it costs £2 for a day pass, which allows unlimited rides of 30 minutes or less. But often when I’m down in the capital I just want to do one quick ride, and £2 feels a bit much, when it’s only £1.50 to take the bus. It’s significantly more expensive in other cities: a 24-hour pass for a B-bike in Austin, Texas, costs $12 (£9.30). A Vélib in Paris is €1.70 (£1.50).

3 They’re fun to ride

Yes, the single gear is pretty low, so you’ll be pedalling like billy-o if you’re in a rush. And the airless tyres do make for a slightly bone-shaking ride, especially on cobbles. But they’re much nippier than the London tanks, and lighter too. The jury is out on whether they really are indestructible, as the designers claim. There are doubtless some Manc reprobates who will do their best to prove the Chinese wrong.

4 The system rewards good behaviour

It remains to be seen whether the fleet will all get trashed or nicked, but built into Mobike’s operation is a points system which rewards chivalry and punishes selfishness and anti social behaviour. All users start with 100 credits. If you end up on zero you are barred from using the bikes. Being a tell-tale pays. If you dob someone in for parking “wrongly” (ie in the middle of the road or in their front garden, like this one I spotted in Old Trafford), you get an extra credit. You lose 20 credits if you park it somewhere inaccessible to the public, 15 if you forget to lock it, 100 if you abandon one after being stopped by the police. Attach your own personal lock or break the law on one and you’ll be on a big fat zero. In future, you may be able to earn free rides if you spot a bike parked somewhere silly and ride it back into the centre of town.

Helen Pidd (@helenpidd) Naughty naughty - don't think @MobikeUK bikes are supposed to be parked in front gardens. Wondered why this one hadn't moved in days pic.twitter.com/Bjn25C8Ctb

5 They aren’t a massive drain on public funds

Don’t get me wrong, I am all for diverting a lot more of the transport budget towards cycling. But the London scheme has cost £60m of public money since it launched in 2010, and is still subsidised to the tune of £3.6m each year. Mobike costs Manchester and Salford city councils diddly squat. They hope the bikes will save them money, because Mobike has promised to share with them data showing where the bikes are most commonly ridden, which should help them plan future cycle infrastructure. On which note: please sort out the canal and Irwell-side routes, Transport for Greater Manchester. Last night I really struggled to lug a Mobike up the steps to Regent Road when the riverside bike route suddenly stopped.

Of course, they are not perfect. If Mobike are reading this please consider:


~_~


Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.


~_~


SHOWS: DUESSELDORF, GERMANY (JULY 1, 2017)(REUTERS PICTURES - ACCESS ALL)(STILLS ARE MUTE) 1. VASIL KIRYIENTA OF TEAM SKY READY TO BEGIN TIME TRIAL IN WHICH HE FINISHED THIRD, DIMPLED SECTION OF HIS JERSEY CAN BE SEEN 2. MIKEL LANDA OF TEAM SKY ABOUT TO BEGIN TIME TRIAL IN WHICH HE FINISHED 102, DIMPLED SECTION OF HIS JERSEY CAN BE SEEN 3. GERAINT THOMAS OF TEAM SKY RIDING ON TIME TRIAL WHICH HE WON, DIMPLED SECTION OF HIS JERSEY CAN BE SEEN 4. CHRIS FROOME OF TEAM SKY RIDING ON TIME TRIAL IN WHICH HE FINISHED SIXTH, DIMPLED SECTIONS OF HIS JERSEY CAN BE SEEN 5. MIKEL NIEVE OF TEAM SKY ABOUT TO START TIME TRIAL IN WHICH HE FINISHED 133, HE WEARS A DIFFERENT STYLE OF JERSEY WITH FINE MESH NEAR DUESSELDORF, GERMANY (JULY 2, 2017)(REUTERS PICTURES - ACCESS ALL)(STILLS ARE MUTE) 6. CHRIS FROOME OF TEAM SKY CHATTING WITH RICHIE PORTE OF BMC RACING ON STAGE TWO, FROOME WEARS A STYLE OF JERSEY FOR GENERAL STAGES STORY: Tension was building up around Team Sky after two days on the Tour de France as rival teams complained that the jerseys they used for the opening time trial had been designed to illegally boost aerodynamics. The British team put four riders in the top eight of Saturday's opening time trial, with Geraint Thomas taking the race leader's yellow jersey. Little bubble pads were seen on the upper arms on the jerseys of several Team Sky riders, including that of defending champion Chris Froome. International Cycling Union (UCI) regulations state: "Garments must not be adapted in any way such that they diverge from their use purely as clothing. The addition of any non-essential element or device to clothing is prohibited." "It is an actual part of the jersey, it was not added," race jury president Philippe Marien told Reuters on Sunday (July 2). "We summoned the team's sports directors to check the jerseys. Nothing was added to them," said Marien. Some teams, however, were not happy with the jury's view. Reuters learnt that at least two rival teams had complained about the Team Sky jerseys ahead of Sunday's 203.5-km ride to Liege. "It's enhanced aerodynamics and the regulations forbid it," said Frederic Grappe, performance director at the FDJ team. "According to studies, the estimated gain is about four to seven percent. It's huge." Italian Marco Pinotti, a coach at BMC Racing, told Reuters: "It seems to me this 'equipment' is on the border line with the rules but if it's judged compliant with the rules then I accept it." Asked by a reporter if he had used the jersey before Saturday Thomas said: "I used it at the Giro (in May)." While some believe Team Sky are bending the rules, their sports director Nicolas Portal said they were 'working' them. "There are other teams who have been using it. Other big teams have been using it," the Frenchman said. "It's legal. Everybody knows the rules. It does not give you a big advantage but it's those little things... so why not use them? "Everything has been validated. We would not take the risk to cheat and lose everything on the first day. We abide by the rules. Every team needs to work on the rules."


~_~


A year after “Pokémon Go” prompted throngs of people to scour parks and streets for monsters visible only through smartphones, hit games made with augmented reality are rarer than a Snorlax.

In fact, analysts say, the monster-hunting blockbuster drove only a brief spike in games using the nascent technology, which blends digital images with a person’s view of the real world.

That is surprising, considering the ubiquity of...


~_~


Heather Watson is within touching distance of achieving her long-term goal of reaching the second week of a grand slam - which could be bad news for coach Morgan Phillips.

Watson produced one of her best performances at Wimbledon with a 6-0 6-4 win over 18th seed Anastasija Sevastova to make the third round for the third time.

She has never gone further either here or at any other slam - also making the last 32 at Wimbledon in 2012 and 2015 and at the Australian Open in 2013.

Should she beat former world number one Victoria Azarenka on Friday, Phillips will have to honour an uncomfortable promise.

Watson said: "It's been one of my goals forever. I made those big goals years ago. Making second week of a slam would be huge for me.

"And if I do, my coach said he'd shave his head. But I said, 'No, your girlfriend will kill you. You can shave your legs."'

It has been a difficult 12 months for Watson, who struggled after losing a close match in the first round at Wimbledon last year and had been unable to find any momentum.

Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships







50 show all Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships

































































































1/50 Andy Murray walks of court with the trophy past the ball boys and girls on Centre court after beating Milos Raonic in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

2/50 Serena Williams falls to the ground after winning match point on Centre Court in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

3/50 Novak Djokovic with the trophy with Roger Federer on Centre Court, in 2015. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

4/50 Serena Williams balances the Venus Rosewater Dish on her head with no hands as she walks off Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

5/50 Novak Djokovic shows off the trophy on Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

6/50 Petra Kvitova holds her winners Plate on Centre Court in 2014. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

7/50 Andy Murray celebrates with the crowd after winning match point in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

8/50 Marion Bartoli climbs up into the stand to family and coaches after beating Sabine Lisicki in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

9/50 Andy Murray congratulates Roger Federer in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

10/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Plate in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

11/50 Novak Djokovic defeats Rafael Nadal in the final of the mens singles on day thirteen at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

12/50 Petra Kvitova with her trophy after defeating Maria Sharapova in their final match of the womens singles on day twelve at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

13/50 Rafael Nadal beat Tomas Berdych in the 2010 final. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

14/50 Serena Williams after beating Vera Zvonareva. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

15/50 Roger Federer kisses the trophy after beating Andy Roddick in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

16/50 Serena Williams shows off the dish to photographers in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

17/50 Venus Williams (USA) walks past the Photographers on Centre Court in 2007. COLORSPORT

18/50 Rafael Nadal of Spain drops onto the grass to celebrate winning the title. Colorsport / Imago

19/50 Roger Federer with the mens trophy after winning the title for the 5th time in a row. COLORSPORT

20/50 Venus holds aloft the Ladies Shield after beating Marion Bartoli in 2007. COLORSPORT

21/50 Roger Federer with the Trophy, glances over at Rafael Nadal. COLORSPORT

22/50 Amelie Mauresmo celebrates match point. She beat Henin Hardenne in the 2006 final. COLORSPORT

23/50 Roger Federer drops to the ground after winning match point in 2005. COLORSPORT

24/50 Federer plays a shot in 2005. COLORSPORT

25/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Shield and sister Venus Willams, in 2005. Colorsport

26/50 Maria Sharapova stunned Serena Williams in the 2004 final.

27/50 Venus Williams hugs the winners plate in 2005. COLORSPORT

28/50 Roger Federer holds aloft the Mens Singles Trophy after his straight sets victory over Mark Philippoussis in 2003. COLORSPORT

29/50 Serena and Venus Williams smilling after the 2003 Womens Final, won by Serena. COLORSPORT

30/50 Lleyton Hewitt celebrates victory in 2002. Colorsport

31/50 Goran Ivanisevic celebrates beating Tim Henman in the mens semi-final in 2001. Colorsport

32/50 Venus Williams with the Ladies trophy after defeating Justine Henin in 2001. Colorsport

33/50 Venus Williams celebrates with the Ladies winners plate after defeating Lindsey Davenport in 2001. Colorsport

34/50 Pete Sampras with The Mens singles trophy in 2000. COLORSPORT

35/50 Pete Sampras kisses the Mens Wimbledon Trophy after beating Andre Agassi in 1999. COLORSPORT

36/50 Ladies winner Lindsay Davenport with the trophy and and runner-up Steffi Graf. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

37/50 Pete Sampras celebrates. COLORSPORT

38/50 Jana Novotna celebrates victory in 1998. COLORSPORT

39/50 In 1997 Pete Sampras got the better of Cedric Pioline. COLORSPORT

40/50 Martina Hingis holds aloft the Ladies Plate. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

41/50 Richard Krajicek drops to the ground after winning the final on Centre Court. He beat Mal Washington. COLORSPORT

42/50 Steffi Graf shows Sanchez Vicario the Shield after the presentation on Centre Court. Colorsport

43/50 Pete Sampras shortly after beating Boris Becker in 1995. COLORSPORT

44/50 Steffi Graf celebrates after winning match point in 1995. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

45/50 Pete Sampras reacts after beating Goran Ivanišević 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–5), 6–0 in the 1994 final. COLORSPORT

46/50 Conchita Martinez is the only Spanish player to have won the women's singles title at Wimbledon, where she beat Martina Navratilova to win the 1994 title. Colorsport

47/50 Steffi Graff of Germany glances over to Jana Novotna as she breaks down in tears at the presentation after losing the match. Colorsport

48/50 Sampras beat Jim Courier 7–6(7–3), 7–6(8–6), 3–6, 6–3 in the 1993 final.

49/50 Andre Agassi receives the trophy from the Duchess of Kent in 1992.

50/50 Stefi Graf shows off the ladies Plate to the crowd. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

She dropped out of the top 100 and failed to qualify for the French Open but things finally came together again in Eastbourne last week, where she reached the semi-finals.

Watson has spent much of the last year without a regular coach and credits Phillips and Colin Beecher, who she began working with at the start of the clay season, for helping her turn things around.

She said: "I'm happy with them. Practices are going really well. I feel like I have structure. I'm enjoying it, which is the most important part.

"But it makes me want to work hard, as well. I feel like my tennis is just really improving at the moment."

Wimbledon Day Three: Murray makes it four Brits into the third round

Watson is no stranger to ups and downs having broken into the top 50 in 2012 only to tumble back into triple figures after struggling with glandular fever.

She then rose to a career-high mark of 38 in January 2015 before slipping down again.

While Watson stopped short of empathising too much with Bernard Tomic after his claim that he was bored during his first-round match, she has experienced her own struggles with motivation.

The 25-year-old said: "I'm not motivated every week. I think that's normal. It's very hard to be.

"But you have to find that motivation in the weeks where it's harder, where you're in a random country, all the way on the back courts, nobody's watching. It's tougher. It's very different. It's easy to be motivated here for me.

"It's just like telling somebody to be happy every single week. That's not life. There's highs and lows to everything you do. For me the highs are really high."

Watson is hoping to book her place in the third round (EPA)



Currently ranked 102, Watson will climb back into double figures after a superb performance against the fast-rising Sevastova, who won the warm-up tournament in Majorca.

She did not put a foot wrong in a first set that lasted only 19 minutes, not making a single unforced error.

Sevastova looked out of ideas, with Watson giving short shrift to her favoured drop shots, but the British player's level dropped a little at the start of the second.

Watson trailed by a break at 3-1 and then 4-3 but a break to love of the Sevastova serve in the eighth game proved the crucial blow to the Latvian's resolve.

"Starts are very important, but I'm really happy with the second set because she raised her level," said Watson.

"The first set I just felt great, pretty flawless. It's always going to change. I've got to expect her to raise her level and to try something new, and she did.

"I was pleased with how I remained calm and just kept doing what I was doing."

Now Watson must try to win her first match in five attempts against Azarenka, who claimed the best win of her comeback so far 6-3 6-3 against Elena Vesnina.


~_~


Johanna Konta won an exhausting marathon on Centre Court on Wednesday afternoon to reach the third round of Wimbledon for the first time in her career. Konta and Croatian youngster Donna Vekic played for more than three hours in the draining sun. Konta took the first set, Vekic the second before the home favourite eventually edged over the line 10-8 in the third.

It was a thrilling back-and-forth match, in which each of the three sets could have gone the other way. Konta said afterwards that both players deserved to win, which was indisputably true. It was a long slog in the lunch-time heat, through a swarm of flying ants, many of which the players inadvertently swallowed. And it was surely the best match of the ladies’ singles here so far.

Konta said it was “one of the most epic matches I have been a part of”, and there will not be many better here this month. “It was one of those matches where it was going to be decided at the very last minute. I feel very fortunate to have come through that, it was a great battle to be part of.”

From the start of the first set, just after 1pm, the pace was relentless and it hardly let up until it ended just before 4.20pm. The crucial break in the decisive set came in the 18th game, as Konta found extra energy from somewhere to take her away from Vekic. The Croat saved the first match point with an ace but at the second she could only find the net. Konta celebrated with glee and relief, and a real sense that she can go far.

Vekic left the court in tears and Konta felt for her young opponent. “After such a battle, you feel both your own and her emotions, because there wasn’t much separating us” Konta said. “I could easily put myself in her shoes and feel what she was feeling. I congratulated her for the battle we put on.”

As Konta admitted, it all could have gone very different. Especially had she not dug in to turn around the first set hours before. It was the lively Vekic who broke her first to go 5-3 up, then forcing her way to two set points. Konta furiously saved them and broke back, to the roar of the Centre Court crowd.

Konta is through to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time in her career ( Getty )

Konta nearly edged ahead at 5-5 but missed four break points and the first set ended up in a tie break. At the end of a set of missed chances and swinging momentum, the tie break was much the same, but Konta pushed ahead and won it 7-4.

The crowd got emphatically behind Konta and stayed with her all afternoon. “I absolutely love playing in front of Brit crowds,” Konta said, “it does make it that much more when you have home support. They lived and died with the match as well.”

After 67 minutes of draining tennis, the second set was even more topsy-turvy. It began with three breaks in the first five games, and there was almost a fourth, but Vekic held. From there the Croatian started to pull away and when she had the chance to serve for the set, she just about held her nerve.

Vekic pushed the Briton all the way ( Getty )

By this point Konta and Vekic were tiring and the third set could never have been as fast as the first two were. The match started to go predictably with serve and the upsets of the second set felt far away. There were barely any moments where a break felt likely, although one miscued Konta smash in the sixth game could have opened an opportunity up.

It was in the 13th game of the epic final set when we saw the first break point, which Vekic worked so hard for, but even then Konta dug in, found some power from somewhere and got through. Four games, another anxious moment, another Vekic break point, but Konta saved again to go 9-8 up. The next game was when the break finally came, sending Konta through.


~_~


The controversy over players pulling out of first-round matches at Wimbledon due to injury has deepened after Spain’s Feliciano López competed in a doubles match 24 hours after withdrawing from his singles contest.

López, the 19th seed, cited a foot injury after retiring against France’s Adrian Mannarino. He was one of seven men to withdraw on Tuesday but was back on court yesterday alongside unrelated doubles partner Marc López. Feliciano did receive treatment yesterday as the 11th-seeded Spaniards lost 3-6, 7-6, 6-2, 6-4 against Australia’s Matt Reid and John-Patrick Smith. He refused to give any post-match interviews.

Britain’s Heather Watson said she believed that some players with injuries were turning up just to access the £35,000 paid to first-round losers.

She said: “It sucks if…


~_~


US president says he is determined to confront threat from Pyongyang, after his ambassador to UN raises prospect of military action if diplomacy fails

Donald Trump has said he is considering some “very severe things” in response to North Korea’s successful test of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) this week, as he called on other nations to exert pressure on Pyongyang over its “very bad behaviour”.

The president’s comments, made in Poland, came after the US ambassador to the UN made a push for new sanctions at a security council meeting and said America’s “considerable military forces” could be used against North Korea.



Nikki Haley told the meeting the US would submit a draft resolution within days “that raises the international response in a way that is proportionate to North Korea’s escalation”, but warned Washington had options if diplomacy failed.

North Korea: US and allies face shortage of good options over missile threat Read more

“The United States is prepared to use the full range of our capabilities to defend ourselves and our allies,” Haley said. “One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them, if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction.”

She said the US was eyeing penalties against “any country that does business with this outlaw regime”.



Trump said the US would confront the North Korean threat, but noted that he would not draw a red line. “I don’t like to talk about what I have planned, but I have some pretty severe things that we’re thinking about,” he said. “That doesn’t mean we’re going to do them.”



Facebook Twitter Pinterest Donald Trump with Xi Jinping. The US president has attacked China over its trade ties with North Korea. Photograph: Alex Brandon/AP

Some administration officials are still hoping to persuade China to increase economic pressure on Pyongyang.

Trump is scheduled to meet the Chinese president, Xi Jinping, on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Hamburg, where he will travel from Poland later on Thursday.



Trump and Vladimir Putin are also expected to address growing North Korean provocations at their meeting on Friday.

Haley did not go into detail about the proposed resolution but said that if the council was united, the international community could cut off major sources of hard currency to North Korea, restrict oil to its military and weapons programs, increase air and maritime restrictions, and hold senior officials accountable.



China has already called for restraint from all sides, after joining diplomatic forces with Russia to suggest that North Korea suspend its missile programme in return for a moratorium on large-scale US and South Korean military exercises.

Donald Trump's romance with China's Xi has cooled, 'ass-kicking' could lie ahead Read more

China is pushing for talks between world powers and North Korea on dismantling its nuclear programme but the US maintains that Pyongyang must first halt its missile and nuclear tests.



China’s UN ambassador, Liu Jieyi, said North Korea’s missile test was a “flagrant violation” of UN resolutions, but aimed his missive at both sides of the conflict.



“We call on all the parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid provocative actions, and belligerent rhetoric, demonstrate the will for unconditional dialogue and work actively together to defuse the tension,” Jieyi said.



That would cover deployments like the live-fire ballistic missile exercise early on Wednesday that officials in Seoul said was intended as a warning to Pyongyang.

The Pentagon said on Wednesday that the missile test-fired by North Korea was not one the US had previously seen, and was fired from a new launch point.



Jeff Davis, the Pentagon spokesman, told reporters that as no airspace had been cleared for the test, commercial planes and ships in the surrounding area had been exposed to risk. He said: “This act demonstrates that North Korea poses a threat to the United States and our allies and we remain prepared to defend ourselves and our allies and to use the full range of capabilities at our disposal.”



Kim delivered his own message on Wednesday, with the state Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) quoting him as saying: “American bastards would be not very happy with this gift sent on the July 4 anniversary.”



The news agency claimed the North Korean missile was capable of carrying a “large, heavy nuclear warhead” that could survive re-entry into the earth’s atmosphere.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kim Jong-un celebrates with military officials after missile launch. Photograph: KCNA/Reuters

Kim was quoted as saying the North’s long confrontation with Washington had entered the “final stage” and that Pyongyang would not put its nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles up for negotiation “unless the US hostile policy and nuclear threats come to an end completely”.

A report in its state media said Kim urged his scientists to “frequently send big and small ‘gift packages’ to the Yankees”.

Questions remain about whether the North can miniaturize a nuclear weapon to fit a missile nosecone, or if it has mastered the technology needed for it to survive re-entry into the earth’s atmosphere.



Some experts believe the North already has the ability to mount warheads on shorter-range missiles that can strike South Korea and Japan, home to dozens of US military bases and about 80,000 US troops.


~_~


Mark Hoban, the former City minister, is optimistic about a post-Brexit deal with the EU Rex Features

Britain could add £43 billion to its economy by 2025 despite Brexit by developing its regions and focusing on new technology.

That is the conclusion of a report on the future of financial services by PWC and TheCityUK that argues that Brexit poses a challenge but is also an opportunity for wide-scale change.

To achieve it, the government must do more to co-ordinate departments and collaborate with industry. Banks, insurers and asset managers must “focus on rebuilding trust, embedding more ethical and customer-centric behaviours”, the report said. London would remain the main centre but other areas would also benefit.

Three quarters of the incremental benefit would be outside the capital, with areas such as Birmingham attracting more business and building on decisions by HSBC and…


~_~


Alec Baldwin's latest film Blind, in which he plays a visually-impaired writer, has received criticism for not casting a disabled actor in his role.

The Ruderman Family Foundation, an American philanthropic organisation that fights for the inclusion of disabled people, compared the casting to so-called blackface, where white actors are cast to play black characters.

Foundation president Jay Ruderman said on Wednesday: “Alec Baldwin in Blind is just the latest example of treating disability as a costume.

“We no longer find it acceptable for white actors to portray black characters. Disability as a costume needs to also become universally unacceptable.”

Baldwin, 59, who has been garnering worldwide attention for his impressions of US President Donald Trump, plays a novelist who lost his sight in a car crash that killed his wife.

The film, which will be released in the US on July 14, also stars Demi Moore as a woman who must care for Baldwin's character as part of a plea bargain deal for her husband.

Ruderman released a report last year that laid bare the disparity between the proportion of disabled people in the public and that of those in acting.

Films to get excited about in 2017







22 show all Films to get excited about in 2017









































1/22 Star Wars: The Last Jedi Director: Rian Johnson Cast: Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, and Lupita Nyong'o Plot: No details yet, but it will continue directly on from Rey coming face-to-face with Luke at the end of The Force Awakens. Release Date: 15 December 2017

2/22 Thor: Ragnarok Director: Taika Waititi Cast: Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Cate Blanchett, Tessa Thompson, Jeff Goldblum, Karl Urban, and Mark Ruffalo Plot: Story details are minimal as of now, but Thor's third return to screen has already been teased to feature a loose adaptation of the famous 'Planet Hulk' storyline. Release Date: 27 October 2017

3/22 Song to Song Director: Terrence Malick Cast: Ryan Gosling, Christian Bale, Natalie Portman, Rooney Mara, Michael Fassbender, and Cate Blanchett Plot: Two intersecting love triangles. Obsession and betrayal set against the music scene in Austin, Texas. Release Date: Unknown

4/22 Wonder Woman Director: Patty Jenkins Cast: Gal Gadot, Chris Pine, Robin Wright, and Connie Nielsen Plot: After leaving her all-female island, Wonder Woman discovers her full powers and true destiny while fighting alongside soldiers during World War I. Release Date: 2 June 2017

5/22 The Circle Director: James Ponsoldt Cast: Tom Hanks, Emma Watson, John Boyega, and Karen Gillan Plot: A young female tech worker takes a job at a powerful internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation, which that involves privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. Release Date: 28 April 2017

6/22 The Beguiled Director: Sofia Coppola Cast: Elle Fanning, Nicole Kidman, Colin Farrell, Kirsten Dunst, and Angourie Rice Plot: A Union soldier is held captive in a Confederate girl boarding school, and begins to con himself to each of their hearts. Release Date: 23 June 2017

7/22 You Were Never Really Here (image from Her) Director: Lynne Ramsay Cast: Joaquin Phoenix, Alessandro Nivola Plot: A war veteran's attempt to save a young girl from a sex trafficking ring goes horribly wrong. Release Date: Unknown

8/22 Annihilation Director: Alex Garland Cast: Natalie Portman, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Tessa Thompson, and Oscar Isaac Plot: A biologist's husband disappears. She thus puts her name forward for an expedition into an environmental disaster zone, but does not quite find what she's expecting. The expedition team is made up of the biologist, an anthropologist, a psychologist, and a surveyor. Release Date: Unknown

9/22 Wonderstruck (image from Far From Heaven) Director: Todd Haynes Cast: Julianne Moore, Michelle Williams, and Amy Hargreaves Plot: The story of a young boy in the Midwest is told simultaneously with a tale about a young girl in New York from fifty years ago as they both seek the same mysterious connection. Release Date: Unknown

10/22 Suburbicon (image of director George Clooney) Director: George Clooney Cast: Matt Damon, Julianne Moore, Josh Brolin, and Oscar Isaac Plot: A crime mystery set in the quiet family town of Suburbicon during the 1950s, where the best and worst of humanity is hilariously reflected through the deeds of seemingly ordinary people. When a home invasion turns deadly, a picture-perfect family turns to blackmail, revenge and betrayal. Release Date: Uknown

11/22 Okja Director: Bong Joon-ho Cast: Ahn Seo-hyun, Tilda Swinton, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Paul Dano Plot: A young girl named Mija risks everything to prevent a powerful, multi-national company from kidnapping her best friend — a massive animal named Okja. Release Date: Unknown

12/22 Dunkirk Director: Christopher Nolan Cast: Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Harry Styles, and Mark Rylance Plot: Dunkirk opens as hundreds of thousands of British and Allied troops are surrounded by enemy forces. Trapped on the beach with their backs to the sea they face an impossible situation as the enemy closes in. Release Date: 21 July 2017

13/22 Mother (image of Darren Aronofsky) Director: Darren Aronofsky Cast: Jennifer Lawrence, Javier Bardem, Michelle Pfeiffer, Domhnall Gleeson, and Ed Harris Plot: A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. Release Date: Unknown

14/22 The Killing of a Sacred Deer (image from The Lobster) Director: Yorgos Lanthimos Cast: Colin Farrell, Nicole Kidman, and Alicia Silverstone Plot: A surgeon forms a familial bond with a sinister teenage boy, with disastrous results. Release Date: Unknown

15/22 Blade Runner 2049 Director: Denis Villeneuve Cast: Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford, Robin Wright, and Jared Leto Plot: Thirty years after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard, a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years. Release Date: 6 October 2017

16/22 Lady Bird (image of director Greta Gerwig) Director: Greta Gerwig Cast: Saoirse Ronan, Laurie Metcalf, and Lucas Hedges Plot: The adventures of a young woman living in Northern California for a year. Release Date: Unknown

17/22 The Kidnapping of Edgardo Mortara (image of director Steven Spielberg and star Mark Rylance) Director: Steven Spielberg Cast: Mark Rylance, Oscar Isaac Plot: The Kidnapping Of Edgardo Mortara recounts the story of a young Jewish boy in Bologna, Italy in 1858 who, having been secretly baptized, is forcibly taken from his family to be raised as a Christian. His parents' struggle to free their son becomes part of a larger political battle that pits the Papacy against forces of democracy and Italian unification. Release Date: Unknown

18/22 How to Talk to Girls at Parties Director: John Cameron Mitchell Cast: Elle Fanning, Ruth Wilson, and Nicole Kidman Plot: An alien touring the galaxy breaks away from her group and meets two young inhabitants of the most dangerous place in the universe: the London suburb of Croydon. Release Date: Unknown

19/22 The Dark Tower Director: Nikolaj Arcel Cast: Idris Elba, Matthew McConaughey, and Tom Taylor Plot: Gunslinger Roland Deschain roams an Old West-like landscape in search of the dark tower, in the hopes that reaching it will preserve his dying world. Release Date: 28 July 2017

20/22 The Shape of Water (image of Guillermo del Toro behind the scenes of Crimson Peak) Director: Guillermo del Toro Cast: Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon, Richard Jenkins, Doug Jones, Michael Stuhlbarg, and Octavia Spencer. Plot: An other-worldly story, set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1963. Release Date: Unknown

21/22 Alien: Covenant (image of director Ridley Scott behind the scenes) Director: Ridley Scott Cast: Michael Fassbender, Katherine Waterston, Noomi Rapace, and Guy Pearce Plot: Headed toward a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew members of the colony ship Covenant discover what they believe to be an uncharted paradise, but it is actually a dark, menacing world in which the only inhabitant is the synthetic David, a survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. Release Date: 19 May 2017

22/22 Baby Driver Director: Edgar Wright Cast: Ansel Elgort, Lily James, Jamie Foxx, Jon Hamm, and Kevin Spacey Plot: A young, music-loving expert getaway driver is coerced into a heist for a mob boss, which threatens his life, love and freedom. Release Date: 18 August 2017

It found people with disabilities make up 20% of the US population, but 95% of disabled TV characters are played by able-bodied actors.

However on the same day it criticised Blind, the foundation praised Jamie Foxx, who won an Oscar for his portrayal of blind musician Ray Charles, for his advocacy work.

Press Association


~_~


What do antique renovation and deep sea diving have in common? More than you might think, says Guy Chenevix-Trench, owner of Antiques by Design, which takes cricket bats and balls, World War II gas masks and musical instruments and turns them into collectible lamps.

Mr Chenevix-Trench, 61, began as a North Sea diver at the age of 19, welding pipelines up to 600ft under the sea. “Four of you live in the tiniest of decompression chambers, working 12 to 15 hours a day. When you’re at the bottom of the North Sea, you don’t necessarily have everything you want; you’ve got to cobble stuff together. So I’ve always been quite a good cobbler, getting things together and making something of it.”

When he tired of…


~_~


When Roger Federer passed the 10,000 career aces milestone in his first-round match at Wimbledon, it reinforced his reputation as one of the finest servers of all time.

But who is the greatest of them all in the men's game? Well, it depends on which stats you look at.

Federer joined an exclusive club during his match on Tuesday. He became just the third man to hit the 10,000 mark since 1991, when the ATP World Tour began tracking the metric, after Ivo Karlovic (12,062 aces to date) and Goran Ivanisevic (10,131) who has now retired.

Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships







50 show all Wimbledon: The greatest pictures from The Championships

































































































1/50 Andy Murray walks of court with the trophy past the ball boys and girls on Centre court after beating Milos Raonic in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

2/50 Serena Williams falls to the ground after winning match point on Centre Court in 2016. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

3/50 Novak Djokovic with the trophy with Roger Federer on Centre Court, in 2015. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

4/50 Serena Williams balances the Venus Rosewater Dish on her head with no hands as she walks off Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

5/50 Novak Djokovic shows off the trophy on Centre Court. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

6/50 Petra Kvitova holds her winners Plate on Centre Court in 2014. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

7/50 Andy Murray celebrates with the crowd after winning match point in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

8/50 Marion Bartoli climbs up into the stand to family and coaches after beating Sabine Lisicki in 2013. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

9/50 Andy Murray congratulates Roger Federer in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

10/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Plate in 2012. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

11/50 Novak Djokovic defeats Rafael Nadal in the final of the mens singles on day thirteen at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

12/50 Petra Kvitova with her trophy after defeating Maria Sharapova in their final match of the womens singles on day twelve at Wimbledon 2011. Ian MacNicol

13/50 Rafael Nadal beat Tomas Berdych in the 2010 final. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

14/50 Serena Williams after beating Vera Zvonareva. Kieran Galvin / Colorsport

15/50 Roger Federer kisses the trophy after beating Andy Roddick in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

16/50 Serena Williams shows off the dish to photographers in 2009. COLORSPORT / Cowie

17/50 Venus Williams (USA) walks past the Photographers on Centre Court in 2007. COLORSPORT

18/50 Rafael Nadal of Spain drops onto the grass to celebrate winning the title. Colorsport / Imago

19/50 Roger Federer with the mens trophy after winning the title for the 5th time in a row. COLORSPORT

20/50 Venus holds aloft the Ladies Shield after beating Marion Bartoli in 2007. COLORSPORT

21/50 Roger Federer with the Trophy, glances over at Rafael Nadal. COLORSPORT

22/50 Amelie Mauresmo celebrates match point. She beat Henin Hardenne in the 2006 final. COLORSPORT

23/50 Roger Federer drops to the ground after winning match point in 2005. COLORSPORT

24/50 Federer plays a shot in 2005. COLORSPORT

25/50 Serena Williams with the Ladies Shield and sister Venus Willams, in 2005. Colorsport

26/50 Maria Sharapova stunned Serena Williams in the 2004 final.

27/50 Venus Williams hugs the winners plate in 2005. COLORSPORT

28/50 Roger Federer holds aloft the Mens Singles Trophy after his straight sets victory over Mark Philippoussis in 2003. COLORSPORT

29/50 Serena and Venus Williams smilling after the 2003 Womens Final, won by Serena. COLORSPORT

30/50 Lleyton Hewitt celebrates victory in 2002. Colorsport

31/50 Goran Ivanisevic celebrates beating Tim Henman in the mens semi-final in 2001. Colorsport

32/50 Venus Williams with the Ladies trophy after defeating Justine Henin in 2001. Colorsport

33/50 Venus Williams celebrates with the Ladies winners plate after defeating Lindsey Davenport in 2001. Colorsport

34/50 Pete Sampras with The Mens singles trophy in 2000. COLORSPORT

35/50 Pete Sampras kisses the Mens Wimbledon Trophy after beating Andre Agassi in 1999. COLORSPORT

36/50 Ladies winner Lindsay Davenport with the trophy and and runner-up Steffi Graf. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

37/50 Pete Sampras celebrates. COLORSPORT

38/50 Jana Novotna celebrates victory in 1998. COLORSPORT

39/50 In 1997 Pete Sampras got the better of Cedric Pioline. COLORSPORT

40/50 Martina Hingis holds aloft the Ladies Plate. Colorsport / Andrew Cowie

41/50 Richard Krajicek drops to the ground after winning the final on Centre Court. He beat Mal Washington. COLORSPORT

42/50 Steffi Graf shows Sanchez Vicario the Shield after the presentation on Centre Court. Colorsport

43/50 Pete Sampras shortly after beating Boris Becker in 1995. COLORSPORT

44/50 Steffi Graf celebrates after winning match point in 1995. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

45/50 Pete Sampras reacts after beating Goran Ivanišević 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–5), 6–0 in the 1994 final. COLORSPORT

46/50 Conchita Martinez is the only Spanish player to have won the women's singles title at Wimbledon, where she beat Martina Navratilova to win the 1994 title. Colorsport

47/50 Steffi Graff of Germany glances over to Jana Novotna as she breaks down in tears at the presentation after losing the match. Colorsport

48/50 Sampras beat Jim Courier 7–6(7–3), 7–6(8–6), 3–6, 6–3 in the 1993 final.

49/50 Andre Agassi receives the trophy from the Duchess of Kent in 1992.

50/50 Stefi Graf shows off the ladies Plate to the crowd. Colorsport/ Stewart Fraser

"It's surreal," 18-times grand slam winner Federer told ESPN. "It puts me up there with the likes of Ivanisevic and Karlovic, to whom I look up to and think they have the most unbelievable serve."

But a glance at another statistic - aces per match - sees the Swiss maestro drop down the servers' leaderboard.

His 10,004 aces have come in 1,294 matches, giving him an average of 7.7 per match. This not only puts him behind Croatian pair Karlovic (19.4) and Ivanisevic (13.9), but also a number of other players including Americans John Isner (17.4), Andy Roddick (11.7) and Pete Sampras (11).

And then there's the percentage of service games won - arguably a more telling statistic - where Federer boasts a mighty 89 percent but nonetheless trails Karlovic (92), Isner (91), Canada's Milos Raonic (91) and Roddick (90), according to ATP data.

Wimbledon : All the winners since Federer's first title

In terms of naked speed, meanwhile, no one can compete with Australian Sam Groth who fired a 163.7 mph (263.4 kph) bazooka across the net in 2012 - the fastest serve ever recorded.

Putting all the stats together, 6ft 11in tall Karlovic emerges as arguably the strongest contender. He tops the lists for number of aces, aces per match and percentage of service games won.

He has also hammered down the fourth-fastest serve on record - 156 mph - and the quickest second serve at 144 mph.

But of course, such numbers fail to take into account qualities that pundits say are the stuff of champions, like producing the best serves on big points - Federer, Sampras, Boris Becker - and ice-cool control under pressure.

So, who's the greatest server of all time? Even armed with all the stats in the world, it's a matter of opinion.

Reuters


~_~


What term do you want to search?

This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here.


~_~


​Climbing temples in the ancient Burmese city of Bagan will soon be phased out according to the country’s Ministry of Culture.

Tourists often head to the top of the famed pagodas at sunrise and sunset in order to snap the coveted shot of countless hot air balloons rising above the city.

But with Bagan lobbying to become a Unesco World Heritage Site by 2019, authorities have said the practice is damaging to buildings and should be prohibited.

“They are very old monuments, and some could collapse at any time,” says Thein Lwin, Deputy Director General of the Ministry’s Department of Archaeology. “Banning climbing is a necessary precaution to protect our cultural heritage.”

Thein Lwin says that sunrise and sunset viewing will soon be available from a tethered helium balloon. The government is also planning to create more “lookout spots”, man-made hills in the archaeological area from which tourists can still enjoy the view without risking the pagodas.

Burma’s government tried to ban climbing in February 2016 before swiftly reversing the move following fierce backlash from local tour operators. However, since an earthquake in August 2016 damaged more than 400 of Bagan’s buildings, the Ministry has banned climbing at a handful of popular temples, including Thagyarhit, Thagyarbone, Pyathada and Thitsarwady. There is no date set for a complete ban on climbing all other temples, including Shwesandaw, the most famous sunset-viewing temple. However, it can’t be long – Aung San Suu Kyi, the nation’s de facto leader, said in January that sunset viewing from the pagodas “will have a negative impact on the long-term sustainability.”

Other improvements are in the works to help Bagan secure Unesco status. These include beefing up security, improving access roads, and removing all billboards that block views of pagodas. Following a ban on new developments in the archaeological zone in 2014, a new hotel strip is springing up near Bagan’s airport.


~_~


Want to visit Baku? You're in luck. Travelling to Azerbaijan used to mean a convoluted and inconvenient visa process that turned off travellers and stifled tourism. But in January of this year the new “ASAN e-visa” system came online, allowing citizens of 81 countries, including the UK, Australia, and US, to quickly apply and receive the visa via email. Visitors who take advantage will find plenty of things to see: a cosmopolitan, affordable capital of good eats, incredible architecture – and, most importantly, friendly cats.

Here are the top 10 things to do in Baku:

The best of Baku







+ show all The best of Baku

















1/10 Baku's architecturally fascinating Fairmont Baku

2/10 The cityscape Cynthia Drescher

3/10 Zaha Hadid's Heydar Aliyev Centre Helene Binet/Heydar Aliyev Centre

4/10 Delicious food at Sirvansah Sirvansah

5/10 The traditional environs of Sirvansah Sirvansah

6/10 You'll never be hungry or out of pocket in Baku Sehrli Tendir

7/10 Friendly locals Cynthia Drescher

8/10 The varied cityscape Fairmont Baku

9/10 The carpet Museum Cynthia Drescher

10/10 Getting around is easy Cynthia Drescher

Stroll the seafront

Baku sits in a natural bay on a peninsula jutting out into the Caspian Sea. The city is oriented towards the water and the breeze coming off of it, and the best stretch of waterfront is reserved for recreation and entertainment. Milli Park and its wide pedestrian promenade, named Dənizkənarı Bulvar, trace the curve of the bay and provide plenty of sunshine and space for jogging, cycling, dog-walking, and rollerblading (yes, rollerblading still a thing here). Along the route are sights like the “Baku Eye” ferris wheel, Park Bulvar mall, and the under-construction Caspian Waterfront building with its petal-like points inspired by the “sails” of the Sydney Opera House. Walk to the end to finish at National Flag Square (Dövlət Bayrağı Meydanı) with a flag and flagpole that rank among the world’s largest. Its neighbour, the massive Crystal Hall, was built for Eurovision 2012.

Eat like a king

Since 2015, Azerbaijan’s currency has halved in value against the pound. As a result, Baku is a terrifically budget-friendly city where even backpackers can afford to eat like royalty. Reserve a table within the stone arched dining room of Şirvanşah, which is as much a museum as it is a restaurant. The cocktail list may be long, but we love the fresh pomegranate juice and simple feijoa compote, the latter a sweet juice made with feijoa fruit most typically associated with Brazil. Save room to finish with a tea service and a plate of national sweets, such as the hazelnut-filled shekerbura pastry, while local musicians play traditional Azeri music. For a feast for two, you’ll find it difficult to spend even 85 manat (£40) total.

( Baku's far more beautiful than you might have realised Fairmont Baku )

Ride the funicular to the Flame Towers

50 qəpik (23p) is all it costs for a ride up the Baku funicular from the seaside to the three strikingly modern buildings known as the Flame Towers. One contains offices, another residences, and the third is the Fairmont Hotel Baku, though none offer an observation deck. Selfies are still compulsory up here: the funicular conveniently lets you off at Dağüstü Park, the landscaped terraces of which overlook the Bay of Baku and give the best view over the city. Time it right to catch the beginning of sunset from the foot of the Flame Towers, then take the stairs down through the park back to the seaside to the plaza next to the Azerbaijan Carpet Museum: the best spot to view the night-time light decorations of the Flame Towers (which, naturally, feature faux flames).

Drink tea

Bypass the souvenir hawkers of the Old City and descend down stone stairs to a hidden teahouse and shisha den around the corner from the Shah Palace Hotel. Low seating, Azeri wool carpets, tasselled silk curtains, and carved wood screens section off the Old Baku Tea House into semi-private nooks ideal for lounging and playing backgammon. There’s no menu, but your best bet is the “national tea set” of a pot of the house chai, delicately poured into pear-shaped glasses of cut crystal. It comes complete with fresh lemon slices, cubed sugar, a variety of nuts and dried fruits and a plate of fresh pakhlava, Azerbaijan’s version of baklava.

Have a kebab

On a nice night thousands of locals finish their day with a walk through Baku’s pedestrian zone flanked by embassies, corporate headquarters, and palatial residences in architectural styles that range from neo-Moorish to baroque. Nizami Street (Nizami Küçəsi) is nicknamed “shopping street” for all the high street shops that line it, which stay open late hoping to lure in casual browsers, but it’s also a destination for late-night snacking. Skip the “tornado potato” sticks and stop into any of the many, many döner shops for an Azeri-style kebab. Point to the paper-thin flatbread called “lavash” and pick your meat. Skewers, or “shashliks”, can be lamb, beef, chicken, fish, or veggies, but always include onions and special spices before being wrapped in the bread.

Make sure you get a real Azerbaijani carpet (Cynthia Drescher )

Haggle for a carpet

As an ancient centre of carpet weaving, you can be sure Baku has rugs to sell you. Skip the hawkers of the Old City for the shop within the Carpet Museum , where the staff can fully articulate the origin, history, and significance of the materials and design of each carpet. Prices for large rugs begin at 1000 AZN (£460), but haggling is encouraged, especially if you have your eyes on more than one. The carpet museum stocks rugs of both wool and silk with cotton, and only those handmade within Azerbaijan using traditional methods and themes. Bargaining with hawkers in the Old City may mean purchasing a cheaper rug made in Pakistan, but passed off as Azeri, and then still having to wait a day or two for the export certificate so you can take your souvenir home. The museum is able to issue the certificate on the same day.

Sightsee by subway

Public transportation may not seem like an activity you want to experience on holiday, but Baku’s tidy metro and web of underground pedestrian passages (most with escalators) make it supremely easy to pack lots of sights into one day, even if they’re across town. The underground stations themselves even showcase dramatic design, such as with the Old City’s glass pyramid and carpet-print entrance and the fluted columns of the platform at Ganjlik Mall, the largest mall in Azerbaijan. Best of all, transport is cheap – a four-ride “BakıKart” costs 1 manat (£0.46).

See Zaha Hadid’s architecture

This is the setting for your next Facebook profile photo. The Heydar Aliyev Centre (Heydər Əliyev Mərkəzi) is Azerbaijan taking a hard stance against the brutalist Soviet architecture of its past for a future of beauty and technology. It’s a masterwork of Zaha Hadid’s firm and stunning from every angle, inside and out. And you must go inside. Entry is 15 manat (£6.90) and for the fee you’ll be able to access an exhibition on Heydar Aliyev, a floor of detailed scale models of Azerbaijan’s most important architectural works, and a small museum showcasing Azerbaijani crafts, customs, and culture. Finish your visit by prancing through its gardens of modern art sculptures, flower fields, and waterfalls while taking another few hundred photos of the building.

Instagram your way around the Heydar Aliyev Centre (Helene Binet/Zaha Hadid Architects)

Eat Azeri cuisine

At Sehrli Təndir restaurant in the Old City, the menu is a list of everything you shouldn’t leave Azerbaijan without tasting. Definitely do the dolma (aubergine, linden leaves, grape leaves, or peppers stuffed with meat, onion, rice, herbs, and mint, then topped with a dollop of cool yogurt), plov (buttery rice pilaf with meat, chestnut, and cooked fruit), and the ubiquitous kebabs. The star of the show here, however, is the open tandoor oven at the entrance, where the restaurant’s resident baker tends to the breads cooking inside.

Cat-spot in the Old City

UNESCO designated Baku’s ancient Old City (İçərişəhər) as a World Heritage Site in 2000, but its roots as a social centre reach back to at least the 12th century. Within its walls sit enough sights to fill an entire day including Maiden Tower, Juma Mosque, Hamam Mehellesi public baths, and Palace of the Shirvanshahs. But its most photogenic residents are the community cats, who laze about on balconies and stone stoops when they aren’t mousing. There aren’t as many strays in Baku as in Istanbul, so their presence isn’t overwhelming but complementary to the winding streets and windowsills of historic homes. Show the kitties any attention and, more than likely, they’ll rouse themselves from their reverie for a good head scratch.

Click here for the latest hotels and resorts in Baku.


~_~


Enjoy an afternoon tea of delicate finger sandwiches and decadent cakes, and even enjoy a glass of champagne with the following offers:

Afternoon Tea at Carnaby Brasserie

Afternoon Tea at Boulevard Brasserie

City Cruises - Afternoon Tea

Traditional Afternoon tea - 2 Bridge Place at the DoubleTree by Hilton London Victoria

Afternoon Tea at Ambassadors Bloomsbury Number Twelve Restaurant

Champagne Afternoon Tea at Homage Grand Salon at the Waldorf Hilton

Anna's Afternoon Tea at Grosvenor House

Anna's Champagne Afternoon Tea at Grosvenor House

Find out more about our Afternoon Tea offers now at The Week Tickets. Prices start from just £18.50.


~_~


Experience the Lake District in all its glory this summer with a chic Scandi-style hotel as your base. Overnight stays at the Inn on the Square in Keswick are now £169, up to 28% less than normal, and include:

Accommodation in a Herdwick or Town Room, with full Cumbrian breakfast, for two

A £28-per-person allowance to spend on dinner in the AA-Rosette Brossen Steakhouse

A glass of prosecco each on arrival (worth £5 per person)

Inn on the Square is a chic hotel in Keswick's Market Square. This Georgian property has a Scandinavian flavour -- think mid-century modern furniture and wintery colour schemes.

Keswick is a pretty market town, "encircled by cloud-capped fells" (Lonely Planet), in the northern Lake District. The hotel is a 10-minute walk from Derwentwater, a 3-mile-long lake surrounded by wooded fells, so you can go on an 8-mile hike around its shores or take a cruise from Keswick Pier. It also makes a good base from which to explore Borrowdale valley or climb Skiddaw, a 931-metre mountain to the north.

The Back Bar is a cosy family-friendly spot. It has a log-burning stove, exposed stone walls and live sports on the TV. The pub menu includes homemade scotch eggs and burgers. The Front Bar is a smarter, lounge-style space. For AA-Rosette-awarded dining, there's the Brossen Steakhouse restaurant, which specialises in dry-aged steaks served with sides like roasted bone marrow, beef-dripping chips or truffled mac and cheese.

The hotel's 34 rooms have Cumbrian-made beds and rain showers. Coffee, tea and chocolate biscuits are provided, and Wi-Fi is free.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


The heroic “lion of London Bridge” has been caught on camera launching a racist tirade at a group of protesters.

Roy Larner was hailed as a hero in the wake of the London Bridge terror attack, after having shouting “f*** you I’m Millwall” as he took on the three attackers with his bare hands. Supporters raised more than £50,000 to get the unemployed Londoner back on his feet.

But newly emerged video, which was filmed in February, shows him shouting racist slurs and spitting in a man’s face. It is not clear how the argument with anti-racism protesters was initiated, with the footage only showing Mr Larner apparently becoming angry after being photographed.

London Bridge Terror Attack







15 show all London Bridge Terror Attack



























1/15 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA

2/15 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA

3/15 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA

4/15 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA

5/15 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab

6/15 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters

7/15 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images

8/15 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA

9/15 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA

10/15 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said. Officers are dealing with reports of stabbings in Borough Market, where armed officers attended and shots were fired. They are also at an incident in the Vauxhall area PA

11/15 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London REUTERS

12/15 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS

13/15 A police officer escorts members of the public to safety at London Bridge Getty Images

14/15 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS

15/15 Police attend to an incident near London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS

Mr Larner is seen walking two dogs as he launches into a tirade of racist abuse and spits in the face of a black cameraman.

“Foreigners, c**t,” Mr Larner shouts at the protesters. “Foreign c**ts. F*** off. F*** off you rapist c**ts.

"W*nkers, people like you stink like sh*t,” he says as the video comes to a close.

When one of the protestors walks up to Mr Larner and appears to headbutt him, Mr Larner retreats. As he does so he repeatedly shouts “National Front” and points to himself.

His mother has since said that the protesters had said something about the dogs he was walking and that he was standing up to them in response.

"They said something to Roy about the dogs, when he was taking them for a walk,” she said. "These blokes, about four or five of them said something to Roy and he turned round and you know, he'll stand up to anyone.

"I don't know what they said to him, I was in a hurry and we were not really talking at the time.

"He was taking the dogs for a walk and was on his way back to his girlfriend's, he gave them a mouthful.

"He is certainly quite a character, he can be a bit of a handful."

She added that during London Bridge attack Roy would have died if the police had not arrived. Phyllis added: "Roy is doing alright, I never realised how bad he was stabbed I cannot believe how he got out of it alive.

"If the police had not got there in time I do not think he would have survived.

"I cannot believe how he survived that."

The video was shot in February in the Elephant and Castle area of London, apparently during a student protest. It was posted months before Mr Larner was hailed as a hero for his actions in the Black & Blue bar at London Bridge, but has emerged in the wake of the huge number of donations that have been raised for him.

The video has been posted online under the caption “hero?”

Mr Larner, who friends have said was homeless at the time of the attack, was taken to St Thomas’s Hospital after fending off the attackers.

The Independent has attempted to contact Mr Larner for comment.


~_~


We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

Thank you for your support.


~_~


It's one of the biggest business deals in a long time for Airbus. The aircraft manufacturer is selling 140 of its planes to China. Including its A320 and A350 aircraft.. a deal worth almost 23 billion dollars. The planes will be bought by a state-owned aviation company..And then allocated to Chinese airlines. It's the first major news from Airbus since the company's restructure.. And merge of its parent company and its dominant planemaking arm. More deals could also be on the way.. China is said to be interested in Airbus's A380 superjumbo.. That would be a welcome boost to the company's new jet airliner... Which has recently seen sales stall.


~_~


With less than a week to go until the general election, it seems that celebrities have been unusually silent on the endorsement front.

As Sky News asks, where are "Joey Essex's selfie sessions with Nick Clegg? Or Simon Cowell praising the Tories?" Still, a smattering of British stars have come out to endorse their party of choice – and that seems to be almost exclusively Labour.

It's no surprise in some ways – showbiz has historically tilted to the left – but the support of Labour-leaning celebrities could make a difference given how much Jeremy Corbyn needs young voters to turn up at the polls. The New York Times has published a story headlined "Why British Hip-Hop Just Might Save the Labour Party" in response to leading grime artists telling their millions of followers to register to vote – and, in virtually all cases, supporting Corbyn. One new website, grime4corbyn.com, has promised free tickets to a secret grime show for anyone registering to vote.

Any Conservative-leaning celebrities, meanwhile, have kept an extremely low profile, perhaps in keeping with the "shy Tory" phenomenon which has often thrown pollsters. They've been quieter than in 2015 when several big names threw their weight behind the blue party.

Here's a rundown of who's supporting who:

Russell Brand

Back in 2015 the comedian attracted ire for saying there was no point in voting. He's since had a change of heart. Writing in the Huffington Post, he said: "You know I never actually said 'don't vote'? I said: 'There's no point in voting when the main political parties are basically indistinguishable.'" He goes on to throw his weight behind the Labour leader, saying "Jeremy Corbyn has somehow been in politics for decades with his integrity perfectly preserved, like his much derided beard has functioned as hairy formaldehyde for his principles."

Stormzy

"My man, Jeremy! Young Jeremy, my guy. I dig what he says," British grime's leading light told The Guardian last year. "I saw some sick picture of him from back in the day when he was campaigning about anti-apartheid and I thought: yeah, I like your energy." Since then other grime artists including Professor Green, JME and Akala have come out in support.

Ronnie O'Sullivan

The snooker player tweeted he had joined the Labour Party.



Just joined the Labour Party to support @jeremycorbyn to be the next Prime minister. join Here https://t.co/zYs6c6SPyL — Ronnie O'Sullivan (@ronnieo147) April 24, 2017

"Let's hope for Corbyn's sake that O'Sullivan's endorsement lends him more luck than it did Ed Miliband back in 2015," The Spectator says.

Eddie Izzard

The comedian has once again been banging the drum for Labour, turning up on the campaign trail to show support.



Make sure you are registered to vote! https://t.co/jVkt5zXHbJ — Eddie Izzard (@eddieizzard) April 30, 2017

John Cleese

The funnyman tweeted last month that he supported the Lib Dems and Labour.

Introducing Proportional Representation ; Cleaning up the London Press ; Cleaning up British Banking

So I'll support the Lib Dems and Labour — John Cleese (@JohnCleese) May 21, 2017

That said, he also tweeted, "People are asking me how I shall vote. I shan't. I live in Chelsea and Kensington, so under our present system my vote is utterly worthless."

Lily Allen

The pop star the Daily Mail loves to hate is supporting Labour, obviously. She even retweeted this image of another starry supporter – Danny DeVito.

London with my DN hat. Jeremy June 8th. Show us how it's done! pic.twitter.com/dYM4XQXEEq — Danny DeVito (@DannyDeVito) May 27, 2017

Brian May

Queen's legendary guitarist has been on the attack, posting a series of anti-Tory tweets.

Incredible that Theresa May's self-serving agenda is now so visible. Somehow I don't think the Daily Mail will be reporting this ! Bri https://t.co/EDsPUQlc4J — Dr. Brian May (@DrBrianMay) June 2, 2017

Rob Delaney

The Catastrophe actor and Twitter comedian has pledged his support to Labour.

If the NHS or schools are a priority for you, I encourage you to vote Labour & kick the Tories out on their #buttocks. https://t.co/UE5UFaKdoC — rob delaney (@robdelaney) April 24, 2017

Kate Bush

While she hasn't said anything about the snap election, Bush told the Canadian publication Macleans last year that she thought Theresa May was "wonderful" and a "very intelligent woman".

Gary Barlow

Barlow campaigned for the Tories back in 2010. In the last election, then-shadow chancellor Ed Balls berated the Conservatives for wheeling him out. "The idea that someone who doesn't pay any tax in Britain should be telling British people how to vote will stick in the craw," he said. As The Guardian drily noted at the time, "the idea that he could be their secret weapon for a second time is a genuinely terrifying one".


~_~


4:35

How Amazon-Whole Foods Deal Changes Retail: Barron's Buzz

Barron's senior editor Jack Hough and WSJ's Shelby Holliday preview the latest issue of Barron's. Topics include how Amazon's acquisition of Whole Foods will likely change the retail landscape. Also, have we seen the end of the tech rally? Plus, J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon's views on banks and potentially higher dividends.


~_~


A million plastic bottles are bought around the world every minute and despite the rise in recycling culture over the past few decades, just 7% of those collected last year were turned into new bottles. Most end up in landfill or in the ocean and by 2050 plastic waste is estimated to outweigh all the fish in the sea


~_~


Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.


~_~


Newcastle crown court, where Katherine High will be sentenced. She was found guilty of breaching health and safety regulations at her sadomasochist club Hugh Macknight/PA

The owner of a swingers’ club and sex dungeon endangered the lives of her clients by locking them in without a fire escape, a court has heard.

Katherine High, 40, breached health and safety regulations at her sadomasochist private members’ club, Vivente, where she would host as many as 60 people. The four-floor club occupied two neighbouring houses and included pool tables, bars and the basement dungeon, which was advertised as being “complete with St George’s cross, stocks, sex-swing and plenty of implements to inflict pain”.

High pleaded guilty this week to five counts of breaching regulations at Sunderland magistrates’ court. The venue has been shut down. Jim Wotherspoon, prosecuting on behalf of Sunderland city council and Tyne and Wear fire service, said that a…


~_~


Air travelers stand at an American Airlines check-in gate at LaGuardia Airport in New York, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

DUBLIN Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker said on Thursday the Doha-based carrier would soon start buying shares in American Airlines (AAL.O) "depending on the share price."

The state-owned company notified American Airlines last month that it was interested in buying up to 10 percent of its shares.

Al-Baker told reporters in Dublin that Qatar Airways would buy up to 4.75 percent, despite a cool response given last month by the American Airlines CEO to its plan, once it has regulatory approval.

(Writing by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Editing by Greg Mahlich)


~_~


Urgent talks are underway at Stormont on a power-sharing deal that would allow Northern Ireland to appoint a new executive and resume governing.

Politicians have until Thursday afternoon to come to an arrangement or face the possibility of direct rule from Westminster for the fifth time since 2000. The province has been with a government since March and without a first and deputy first minister since January.

However, the parties were reportedly "deadlocked" on issues including a standalone Irish language act and the leadership of the new assembly.

The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) argue that provisions for Ulster Scots and Orange Identity should also be part of any new legislation, RTE reports.

In addition, former first minister Arlene Foster’s leadership of the party is under fire over her championing a controversial renewable heating scheme expected to cost £1bn over the next 20 years.

Nevertheless, Sinn Fein hinted on Tuesday it might back down on Foster returning to head the government if the DUP "gave grounds on other matters", News Letter reports.

Adding to the problem is the DUP's agreement with Theresa May that will give Northern Ireland £1bn in extra funding in exchange for the party backing Tory legislation on Brexit, security and budgets.

Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams told The Independent the deal "provides a blank cheque for a Tory Brexit which threatens the Good Friday Agreement", complicating the Stormont talks.


~_~


Johnny Depp and Amber Heard have finalised their bitter divorce after months of public spats.

The Pirates of the Caribbean star - who was accused of domestic violence by Heard after their split in April - has agreed to pay her $7 million (£5.7m), which she has pledged to donate to charity.

The actress, 30, will also keep their dogs, Pistol and Boo, and a horse named Arrow.

A confidentiality provision calls for them to refrain from discussing their relationship in interviews or on social media.

After the divorce was finalised, Depp’s Lawyer Laura Wasser said that they were “pleased to put this unpleasant chapter” behind them.

“Having his request for entry of the dissolution judgment granted today made it a particularly lucky Friday the 13th," her statement added.

Heard's lawyer Pierce O'Donnell said she “would be very happy to move on with her life."

On the same day, Depp launched a $25 million (£20.5m) lawsuit against his former business managers.

The 53-year-old claimed he had been the victim of "gross mismanagement" by The Management Group (TMG) which has cost him "tens of millions of dollars".

According to documents filed with the Los Angeles Superior Court, Depp claims the company and its owners, Joel and Robert Mandel, failed to properly pay his taxes, made unauthorised loans and overpaid for security and other services.

Celebrity couples who met on film sets







7 show all Celebrity couples who met on film sets











1/7 Alicia Vikander and Michael Fassbender The couple met on the set of The Light Between Oceans Getty

2/7 Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling The couple met on the set of The Place Beyond The Pines Getty

3/7 Penelope Cruz and Javier Bardem The couple starred in Jamon Jamon in 1992 and began dating in 2007 AFP/Getty Images

4/7 Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum The couple met on the set of the 2006 film Step Up Getty

5/7 Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds The couple met on set of the 2011 movie Green Lantern Getty

6/7 Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth The teen couple met filming the 2010 film The Last Song Getty

7/7 Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy The couple met on the set of Evening in 2006 Getty

He has filed 11 complaints, including fraud, breach of contract and professional negligence.

"In essence, TMG treated Mr Depp's income as their own, available to either TMG or third parties to draw upon as desired," the complaint states.

TMG’s Lawyer Michael Kump said the lawsuit was a "fabrication" and the firm did "everything possible to protect Depp from his irresponsible and profligate spending".

He also claimed the Pirates Of The Caribbean actor owed TMG $4.2 million (£3.4m) from a five million-dollar loan it provided.

"His tactics and lawsuit will fail, and he will be forced to pay back the loan as promised," Mr Kump added.


~_~


Publishers of the famous Famous Five books were not amused by the title of the play chosen by Cambridge graduates for an Edinburgh Fringe performance

It was envisaged as a jolly jape until young comedians found themselves in lashings of trouble after they attempted to lampoon a much-loved series of childhood tales.

A group of Cambridge graduates planned to perform Five Go Off on One!, an affectionate parody of Enid Blyton’s sleuthing yarns, at this year’s Edinburgh Fringe festival.

However, the quintet became a less famous four after they received a legal threat from the publisher which owns the rights to the classic books.

Hachette sent a warning letter to the team behind the pastiche after details of the show appeared in the programme for the world’s largest arts event.

They were less than amused by the comedians’ intention to “lovingly ridicule” the Famous Five series which, before Harry Potter,…


~_~


The impact of the e-commerce giant’s Whole Foods deal on online grocery services is still unclear, but one thing is certain: Competition is heating up. From Instacart to Peapod, firms are racing to gain a larger share of the fast-growing market.


~_~





~_~


This is what's left standing in the Japanese city of Asakura, after torrential rains blasting the area on Thursday (July 6) took a tragic turn. One person has been discovered dead, buried in a landslide and at least a dozen people are missing, including a child. Residents telling horror stories of family members being swept away by the waters, or trees tearing through walls of their residences. Flooding rivers have forced about 400 thousand people from their homes, with landslides reported in several areas. The government rushing to send aid, with over 75 hundred rescuers mobilized to help with evacuations. That includes police, firefighters and soldiers. 50 helicopters are also on standby and officials warn the storm isn't over. "There is still chance of more torrential rain. I urge everyone in Japan to pay attention to weather information updates from radio and television broadcasts," said Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary. Local media reports say the area saw about 770 millimeters of rain on Wednesday (July 5), more than double the amount it usually sees.


~_~


The biggest event on the international stage this week will be the meeting between President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin. WSJ's Gerald F. Seib sees four things to watch out for: their personal interactions, sanctions, Syria and Ukraine. Photo: AP

When President Donald Trump meets Russian leader Vladimir Putin late this week, many will be watching to see whether they discuss alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election.

That much is obvious. Less obvious, but more important, is how any Russian meddling in the American presidential-election season—whatever form it may have taken—fits into a much larger tale. This is the tale of a systematic Russian effort to disrupt...


~_~


Europe’s top tech hubs tend to radiate from massive capital cities like London, Berlin and Paris. But the heart of European innovation isn’t a major metropolis –it’s a small city in the Dutch-speaking region of Flanders. That’s the conclusion of Reuters’ second annual ranking of Europe’s Most Innovative Universities, a list that identifies and ranks the educational institutions doing the most to advance science, invent new technologies, and help drive the global economy.

The most innovative university in Europe, for the second year running, is Belgium’s KU Leuven. This nearly 600-year-old institution was founded by Pope Martin V, but today it’s better known for technology than theology: KU Leuven maintains one of the largest independent research and development organizations on the planet. In fiscal 2015, the university’s research spending exceeded €454 million, and its patent portfolio currently includes 586 active families, each one representing an invention protected in multiple countries.

How does a relatively small Catholic university out-innovate bigger, better-known institutions across Europe? KU Leuven earned its first-place rank, in part, by producing a high volume of influential inventions. Its researchers submit more patents than most other universities on the continent, and outside researchers frequently cite KU Leuven inventions in their own patent applications. Those are key criteria in Reuters ranking of Europe’s Most Innovative Universities, which was compiled in partnership with Clarivate Analytics, and is based on proprietary data and analysis of indicators including patent filings and research paper citations.

The second most innovative university in Europe is Imperial College London, an institution whose researchers have been responsible for the discovery of penicillin, the development of holography and the invention of fiber optics. The third-place University of Cambridge has been associated with 91 Nobel Laureates during its 800-year history. And the fourth-place Technical University of Munich has spun off more than 800 companies since 1990, including a variety of high-tech startups in industries including renewable energy, semiconductors and nanotechnology.

Overall, the same countries that dominate European business and politics dominate the ranking of Europe's Most Innovative Universities. German universities account for 23 of the 100 institutions on the list, more than any other country, and the United Kingdom comes in second, tied with France, each with 17 institutions. But those three countries are also among the most populous and richest countries on the continent. Control for those factors, and it turns out that countries with much smaller populations and modest economies often outperform big ones.

The Republic of Ireland has only three schools on the entire list, but with a population of less than 5 million people, it can boast more top 100 innovative universities per capita than any other country in Europe. On the same per capita basis, the second most innovative country on the list is Denmark, followed by Belgium, Switzerland and the Netherlands. Germany, the United Kingdom and France rank in the middle of the pack, an indication that they may be underperforming compared with their smaller neighbors: On a per capita basis, none of those countries has half as many top 100 universities than Ireland.

And the same trends hold true if you look at national economies. According to the International Monetary Fund, in 2016 Germany’s gross domestic product exceeded $3.49 trillion –11 times larger than Ireland at $307 billion, yet Germany has only 7 times as many top 100 innovative universities.

Some countries underperform even more drastically. Russia is Europe’s most populous country and has the region’s fifth largest economy, yet none of its universities count among the top 100. Other notable absences include any universities from Ukraine or Romania–a fact that reveals another divide between Western and Eastern Europe.

To compile the ranking of Europe’s most innovative universities, Clarivate Analytics (formerly the Intellectual Property & Science business of Thomson Reuters) began by identifying more than 600 global organizations that published the most articles in academic journals, including educational institutions, nonprofit charities, and government-funded institutions. That list was reduced to institutions that filed at least 50 patents with the World Intellectual Property Organization in the period between 2010 and 2015. Then they evaluated each candidate on 10 different metrics, focusing on academic papers (which indicate basic research) and patent filings (which point to an institution's ability to apply research and commercialize its discoveries). Finally, they trimmed the list so that it only included European universities, and then ranked them based on their performance.

This is the second consecutive year that Clarivate and Reuters have collaborated to rank Europe’s Most Innovative Universities, and three universities that ranked in the top 100 in 2016 fell off the list entirely: the Netherland’s Eindhoven University of Technology, Germany’s University of Kiel, and the UK’s Queens University Belfast. All three universities filed fewer than 50 patents during the period examined for the ranking, and thus were eliminated from consideration. They’ve been replaced by three new entrants to the top 100: the University of Glasgow (#54), the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis (#94), and the Autonomous University of Madrid (#100).

The returning universities that made the biggest moves on the list were the Netherland’s Leiden University (up 21 spots to #17) and Germany’s Technical University of Berlin (up 21 spots to #41). Belgium’s Université Libre of Brussels (down 17 to #38) and the UK’s University of Leeds (down 17 to #73) made the biggest moves in the opposite direction. Generally, though, the list remained largely stable: Nine of the top ten schools of 2016 remained in the top 10 for 2017, and 17 of the top 20. This stability is understandable because something as large as university paper output and patent performance is unlikely to change quickly.

Of course, the relative ranking of any university does not provide a complete picture of whether its researchers are doing important, innovative work. Since the ranking measures innovation on an institutional level, it may overlook particularly innovative departments or programs: a university might rank low for overall innovation but still operate one of the world's most innovative computer science laboratories, for instance. And it's important to remember that whether a university ranks at the top or the bottom of the list, it's still within the top 100 on the continent: All of these universities produce original research, create useful technology and stimulate the global economy.

(Editing by Arlyn Gajilan and Alessandra Rafferty)


~_~





~_~


What term do you want to search?

This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here.


~_~


If Pyongyang’s claim to have successfully launched an intercontinental ballistic missile is confirmed, the regime would be closer to having the ability to strike the US mainland. We take a look back at North Korea’s nuclear dynasty and ask: could the country trigger a nuclear war?

• North Korea claims successful test of intercontinental ballistic missile


~_~


MASON

1 Dr I. S. Fletcher (17 The Oaks, Kemble, Cirencester, Gloucestershire GL7 6BH): Murray’s first since old number one Perry associated with court (M + as + o + n; ref. Fred P., Perry Mason).

2 M. Barley (Rivermeade, Romsey Road, Ower, Hampshire SO51 6AF): I’ve work to do, cutting stone put on after topping Christmas ((X)mas + on; topping = excellent).

3 J. C. Leyland (23 Lane Ings, Marsden, Huddersfield HD7 6JP): With year out, see many leading characters on showbiz obit list, e.g. Perry, James (anag. incl. s, o less y; ref. Jimmy Perry, scriptwriter, Perry M., James M.).

VHC

D. Appleton: Stoneworker starts to maintain ancient structure on Naxos – ends in media storm when portico collapses in ruins (first letters, anag. of last letters).

T. C. Borland: Cutting individual, as engaged by Solomon? (as in (Solo)mon, & lit.; ref. building of S’s temple).

C. J. Brougham: Chiseller accumulating money by crime runs away (m + a(r)son).

Dr J. Burscough: Mansion crumbling? Get me in (comp. anag. & lit.).

W. Drever: I’m a stone ‘master’, when item needs to be cut (I’m a stone M less item, & lit.).

D. V. Harry: Builder’s bum, top parts of nates showing over man’s attire (anag. of first letters).

R. J. Heald: Among leading characters of Moore is a ‘Saint’ by name Templar? (a S in Mo(ore)+ n; ref. Simon T., played by Roger M. in TV series).

M. Hodgkin: Fellow entering special order (SO in man & lit.).

P. W. Marlow: This artisan could construct mansion as art (comp. anag. & lit.).

T. J. Moorey: Morse, primarily one unfulfilled, comes across like a father to Lewis (as in M on(e); see lewis).

A. Morgan-Richards: American lineman? ‘Man of stone’ is often confused with him (comp. anag.; ref. M.-Dixon Line).

R. J. Palmer: A male turned up bottom of trousers over leg to become this? (a m (rev.) + s + on; ref. initiation ceremony forMasons).

R. Perry: Babycham as one might describe it. Perry by another name (hidden; Perry M.).

A. Plumb: Much stone at new builds the —— cut (comp. anag. & lit.).

T. Rudd: Old man’s pulled no Xmas crackers, making cross exit – who’ll work carving set? (anag. incl. o; anag. less x; set = block of stone).

C. Short: Jackie comic has very penetrating piece (so in man; ref. Jackie M., US comedian, Jackie, girls’ comic).

Dr S. J. Shaw: Originally medieval artisan sculpting symmetrically cut stones (first letters + on, & lit.).

Mrs A. M. Walden: Lewis is his heir, a disciple under Morse’s leadership (M + a son; see lewis).

A. J. Wardrop: Who’ll make mark when working? (m + as + on, & lit.; ref. mason’s marks).

HC

T. Anderson, P. Bartlam, M. Bath, J. G. Booth, C. J. Butler, J. A. Butler, A. & J. Calder, A. Chamberlain, C. A. Clarke, S. L. Claughton, E. Dawid, V. Dixon (Ireland), C. M. Edmunds, J. Fairclough, S. C. Ford, H. Freeman, R. Gilbert, J. Grimes, A. & R. Haden, L. M. Inman, G. Johnstone, J. P. B. Hall, R. J. Hooper, B. Jones, J. R. & M. Leete, J. P. Lester, M. A. Macdonald-Cooper, A. MacMillan, D. F. Manley, J. R. C. Michie, C. G. Millin, Dr P. W. Nash, T. D. Nicholl, M. L. Perkins, Ms F. Plumb, Dr T. G. Powell, J. & A. Price, S. Randall, D. P. Shenkin, Dr G. Simpson (Australia), I. Simpson, J. Sloper, J. Smailes, P. A. Stephenson, P. L. Stone, M. Taylor, P. Taylor, P. Tharby, K. Thomas, J. R. Tozer, J. Vincent & Ms R. Porter, T. West-Taylor, R. J. Whale, A. Whittaker, Dr E. Young.

Comments

201 entries, a small handful with TAGINE for TAJINE, another of those alternative spellings that Chambers annoyingly fails to give a dummy entry of its own with an appropriate cross-reference. There are far too many of these in C. for my liking. Favourite clue, of 14 mentioned, was ‘Err with maid getting knocked up? Did the honest thing maybe’ (MARRIED), which just pipped ‘Teacher flipped about producer of bad spelling, bursting blood vessel?’ (RHEXIS), in what was very much a two-horse contest. My MARRIED clue was variously described as ‘one of Azed’s naughties’ and ‘more Private Eye than Observer’. I hope no one was too shocked by it.

No doubt MASON has been clued many times, by others as well as by me, but I can’t recall seeing any of the clues quoted above before. I expected, and got, quite a few variations on the ‘mother and child’ approach, some referring to the Simon & Garfunkel song ‘Mother and child reunion’ though the idea of their being reunited seemed inappropriate and irrelevant here. I know little about the bizarre rituals observed by Freemasons beyond the oft-told tales of trouser-legs and funny handshakes, but although they belong to lodges I don’t think they are ever referred to as ‘lodgers’, are they? And can anyone explain to me why being ‘on the square’ (new to me before this competition) refers to membership of Freemasonry? Some floor design perhaps.

I’m grateful to the two regulars who tracked down the Ximenes puzzle I referred to in the last slip but one, in which alcoholic drinks had to be replaced by non-alcoholic ones. X entitled it ‘On the Wagon’ and it was reproduced in The Penguin Book of Ximenes Crossword Puzzles (1972) though when it first appeared in The Observer (during Lent, one surmises) is unclear. X died in 1971.


~_~


Sample polymer five and ten GB pound banknotes are seen on display at the Bank of England in London September 10, 2013. REUTERS/Chris Ratcliffe/pool

LONDON Sterling steadied in a quiet morning of trading on Thursday, with a run of weaker British economic data failing to deter investors from bets that the Bank of England will hike interest rates in the coming months.

Though the pound has weakened a little this week as purchasing managers' index (PMI) surveys have pointed to a cooling economy, it is still only around a cent away from nine-month highs hit against the dollar in May.

It was flat on Thursday at $1.2935 and at 87.74 pence per euro.

Its recent strength, say analysts, is largely down to expectations of monetary tightening from the BoE, with some investors betting on a rate hike as soon as next month.

Analysts from Morgan Stanley wrote in a note to clients that despite data pointing to weakness following June's parliamentary elections they were "loving" sterling, and noted that "soft" indicators such as PMI surveys had also dipped immediately after last year's Brexit vote, before recovering.

"Our sterling optimism finds its sterling in what we call ‘Brexit economics’ and the BoE reconsidering GBP weakness and its impact on the economy," they wrote.

"Sterling weakness has undermined living standards, and with inflation above the BoE’s 2 percent target and its own staff projections, stabilisation should now be on the BoE’s agenda. Talking up rate expectations is a sufficient tool to reach this target."

A number of BoE policymakers, including Governor Mark Carney, have spoken in recent weeks in favour of soon reversing last year's interest rate cut, which followed Britain's vote to leave the European Union.

The hawkish remarks have helped the pound to reverse the 2 percent drop against the dollar that came after a snap election on June 8 left no party with a clear majority.

But some investors are still anxious about Britain's economic prospects as it negotiates its way out of the EU, and about political instability.

"The BoE is the toughest call because the UK economy has outperformed and inflation has ramped up. However, the odds that Brexit leads to economic underperformance seem high enough to make us wonder how much of a bad streak the BoE would be willing to contemplate before taking hikes off the table," wrote Steven Englander, head of research at hedge fund Rafiki Capital.

"Carney's hiking comment in Sintra was pretty conditional at the end of the day," he added, referring to the BoE governor's saying that a rate rise was likely to be needed as the economy comes closer to running at full capacity, and that the central bank would debate when to do so "in the coming months".

(Editing by Andrew Roche)


~_~


What would Jesus do? It’s a common enough question, and it'd be wrong to deride it. Whether you believe in talking donkeys or the Virgin birth or any of the other challenging stuff in the Bible, it is perfectly reasonable to consider some moral dilemma against the teachings of Christ, that usually being a reasonable approximation of a humane, if not humanist, solution.

What, then, do you think Jesus would have thought about Fixed Odds Betting Terminals, as legalised by, and regulated under, the Gambling Act 2005, one of the less lovely legacies of the Blair era? Father Michael (Sean Bean) in Broken was militantly clear: you should follow the example of Christ driving out the money changers from the temple.

What’s more, Father Michael went on, according to St John’s Gospel Christ didn’t just chuck their tables around but took a whip to the olden days bankers as well – inflicting actual bodily harm on them. A sledgehammer, if not the whip, was what one member of his flock, Chloe Demichelis (Lauren Lyle), had already taken into her local betting shop to end the productive lives of four FOBTs, which admittedly are the devil’s work.

It was an act, as the priest put it about Our Lord’s pioneering act of violence, of “righteous anger” against those who’d profit from the desperation of the needy. We had seen how Chloe’s mum had taken her own life after becoming addicted to them, the “crack cocaine of gambling”, as so many do. Morally defensible, but still criminal damage and leaves you open to a restraining order and a possible prison sentence.

So the sixth episode of Broken was following the pattern of the previous five, grinding its way through the familiar series of social problems being endured by families just about not managing at the arse end of Theresa May’s Britain. Mental illness, pressurised police, food banks, truanting kids, gambling addiction, the benefits system – you name it, and there was usually a call in to the priest.

Some of the details of the various storylines, such as when Christina Fitzsimmons (Anna Friel) tries to deceive the authorities about the death of her mother in the first episode, may have stretched credulity, but the background reality cannot be challenged. If anything, as the Grenfell Tower disaster may yet prove, Broken’s unstinting catalogue of social evils understates what is happening to the poorest in society.

The actors’ performances and the photography in Broken were flawless, in the sense that they made the dramatic best of this subject matter. And yet the whole seemed less than the sum of its parts. This is because the central premise of a Roman Catholic priest occupied 24/7 with the most appalling crimes and circumstances were just not successful. Too many of the set-piece speeches were clumsily political, and even when characters were on hand to balance things. For example, Phil Davis was excellent as the vexed betting-shop owner, but his confrontation with Chloe was rendered as some sort of sub-Socratic dialogue. It didn’t work, despite the obvious skill and effort and passion writer Jimmy McGovern put into it.

Still, I could have forgiven Broken all of that sort of stuff were it not for a final scene, which saw some of his congregation repeatedly utter the mantra “you wonderful priest” to Father Michael as he dished out the wafers at Holy Communion. As someone brought up to believe in the Catechism literal truth of transubstantiation, which is that you are literally putting a sliver of the body of Christ in your mouth during Mass (a disturbing thought for an eight-year old fussy eater), I can believe most things – but I really couldn't believe that final scene. It was, frankly, ridiculous. Up to that point Father Michael had functioned as a sort of semi-credible cross between Mother Theresa and Dennis Skinner, but this is when all the tendentiousness and sentimentality just went absurd. The mass is ended, go in peace.

It’s trendy for politicians to go on about mental health, and maybe they’re sincere about it. Maybe there isn’t the money to do all we would wish to as a caring nation. Well, obviously there isn’t, judging by the strains witnessed in the latest instalment of the BBC’s excellent series Hospital.

I doubt I’ll forget the story of Carl, who we learned had been a happy-go-lucky, cricket-loving family man who drove the 182 bus to Harrow for a living. Now wandering the streets confused and mildly aggressive, he’d wound up in A&E at St Marys Hospital in London, a microcosm of a national crisis. A casualty ward was not the right place for his care, nor for the many other demented, tormented souls who found themselves there via some personal crisis or other.

We saw how Carl’s wife devoted Tricia – they’ve been together for 35 years - arrived to take him home and how she desperately she wanted to carry on caring for him, but his dementia and violence got so bad that he was committed to an acute mental health unit. She visits him every day. It’s a tiny glimpse into the reality of mental illness, and just the saddest thing I’ve seen on TV for ages. I hope the politicians were watching too.


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


It used to be said that a trainer who felt there were several potential Derby winners in the stable did not in truth have even one. But not any more. Aidan O’Brien once sent eight horses to the Classic and left Epsom empty-handed but his six-strong team on Saturday produced a 40-1 winner in Wings Of Eagles, a colt with just a handful of backers among the countless thousands crammed on to the Downs.

The victory of Wings Of Eagles was the biggest surprise in the Derby since Snow Knight’s success at 50-1 in 1974, and the first for a horse at a double-figure price since High-Rise at 20-1 in 1998. On the day, however, there was no fluke about it, and while Wings Of Eagles and Padraig Beggy hit the front only a few strides from the line, they won a shade cosily in the end.

There were echoes of Pour Moi’s charge through the field to victory in 2011 as his son Wings Of Eagles passed horse after horse in the Epsom straight, building momentum all the time and closing steadily on the leaders. Two furlongs out, though, most eyes were glued to his stable companion, Cliffs Of Moher, and O’Brien’s principal jockey Ryan Moore, as they glided past market rival Cracksman and into a useful lead.

The stage was set for Cliffs Of Moher to stride clear but he simply stayed on without quickening as the race reached its climax, as Wings Of Eagles and Beggy chased them down and claimed victory by three-quarters of a length.

Before the race, some might have questioned O’Brien’s apparent wish to run almost every three-year-old colt with a pulse in Saturday’s Classic. A few minutes later, the wisdom of covering every possible base was unarguable, as Wings Of Eagles fulfilled the promise in his pedigree, which has the family of the 1995 Derby winner Lammtarra on his dam’s side to complement Pour Moi.

This was O’Brien’s fourth Derby success in the last six years and his sixth in all, one more than Sir Michael Stoute’s (current) total of five between 1981 and 2010, and just one behind the all-time record of seven wins in the Classic. All three of the trainers to saddle seven winners – Robert Robson, John Porter and Fred Darling – were active in a much less competitive era, and sent out their final Derby winners in 1823, 1899 and 1941 respectively. O’Brien, though, is closing in and seems sure to catch and pass them all before too many more seasons are out.

The trainer made it clear that Wings Of Eagles had been seen as a possible winner beforehand, despite his starting price and a defeat at the hands of Venice Beach, who finished 12th, on his previous start at Chester. That said, he may still suspect that Cliffs Of Moher will prove to be a better horse in the long term.

“He was working very well and we were delighted with him at Chester,” O’Brien said. “Padraig was always going to take his time on him and produce him and he gave him a marvellous ride.”

He added of Cliffs Of Moher: “I was delighted with the second horse. All those really well-bred, good-looking horses, they can make dramatic improvement from race to race, and we knew that they had all improved [from their trial runs].

40-1 outsider Wings Of Eagles shocks rivals to win the Derby – live! Read more

“I didn’t really know what was going to happen. I thought Ryan’s horse was open to the most improvement, which he was and he did, but Ryan said he got there and he just got tired in his hands. I was half-afraid that that could happen, but we’d just about made the race. If he hadn’t run at Chester, he wouldn’t have made it here. He came with his long, sustained run and in the last 100 yards it just told, the lack of preparation.”

Michael Tabor, a former bookmaker and one of the co-owners of Wings Of Eagles in John Magnier’s Coolmore Stud syndicate, said that he had felt before the race that any one of their six runners could make the step up to win. “We knew Wings Of Eagles was in the mix, but no more than that,” Tabor said. “He’s proved to be a very, very good horse for the future but I’m afraid I didn’t back him and I didn’t have a bet in the race.”

The betting suggested beforehand that this was one of the most open Derbys for years but the fact that a 40-1 chance crossed the line in front does not necessarily mean that it was a sub-par renewal. That will become apparent only in his remaining starts, but however his career plays out, Wings Of Eagles and Beggy are Derby winners, and nothing will ever change that.


~_~


Spurs midfielder Dele Alli scored his 16th goal of the season and reinforced his credentials as the best young midfielder in Europe as Tottenham kept up their pursuit of Chelsea with an emphatic 4-0 win over Watford.

Ahead of his 21st birthday this week, the England star has more Premier League goals and assists than Steven Gerrard, Frank Lampard, Paul Scholes and Cristiano Ronaldo at that age.

"In fact, Alli's combined total of 40 means he has had a hand in as many Premier League goals before turning 21 as Lampard (15), Gerrard (13) and David Beckham (12) combined," says Matt Law of the Daily Telegraph.

Turning 21 represents a coming of age, says Sachin Nakrani of The Guardian. "On a personal level that may well prove the case for the Tottenham Hotspur midfielder, yet in a sporting sense it already feels he is a fully grown performer, a player with man-size capabilities.

"That is evident to anyone who has watched him this season as game after game, week after week, Alli has displayed a level of skill, drive and intelligence that belies his tender years."

His potential is "frightening", says Gary Jacob of The Times. "The Tottenham midfielder has an eye for a chance and has displayed the full range of his versatility of late, arriving with perfect timing to make tap-ins look simple, pulling away for headers and, on Saturday, curling in a beautiful shot that opened the floodgates.

"All his goals are scored with frightening efficiency. There is something so captivating about Alli that it is hard, even for those with strong rival allegiances, not to express admiration."

It is worth comparing Alli's achievements to those of Paul Pogba, the world's most expensive footballer, says Jamie Redknapp in the Daily Mail.

"After a sensational campaign, Alli has eclipsed Pogba. If the United midfielder cost a world-record £89m, then what does that make Alli worth? He is becoming the perfect player."

Alli's free role at Spurs suits him perfectly, adds Redknapp: "I love his footballing arrogance. Alli knows how good he is and, if he does not leave England he has the ability to become the best attacking midfielder in Premier League history."


~_~

















The defending Stanley Cup-champion Pittsburgh Penguins play an Eastern Conference second-round Game 7 Wednesday, hoping to oust the Washington Capitals.

It won’t be easy, however. After taking a commanding 3-1 lead, the Penguins dropped their last two games and now have to win a series decider on the road.

One small advantage in their...


~_~


LONDON Britain summoned North Korea's ambassador to condemn the country's latest missile launch, the Foreign Office said on Thursday, calling on Pyongyang to give up its pursuit of nuclear and ballistic missiles.

"The actions of the DPRK are a direct violation of multiple Security Council resolutions and are a threat to regional and international security," Foreign Office minister Mark Field said.

"I call on the North Korean regime to change course and focus on the welfare of its people, instead of the illegal pursuit of its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes."

The meeting took place on Wednesday.

(Reporting by William James; Editing by William Schomberg)


~_~


There was a time not so long ago, when Chris Christie, the man currently at the centre of a rather sad controversy about 45 minutes he spent on a beach, was soaring pretty high.

As an experienced state governor, with a proven record as a prosecutor, he was among the early favourites in the pack of Republican presidential hopefuls. He had a reputation as a straight-talker, a bruiser who didn’t let any slight against him or his family pass.

And he had the swagger to go with it. In February 2016, during the primary contest in New Hampshire, he still maintained dreams of the Oval Office. “For the people of the UK, they should know they will have a president who cherishes the relationship with that nation, and who looks forwarding to visiting as president of the United States,” he told The Independent, as he claimed he would win.

Christie said he was forced to close the beaches, as part of a government shutdown (AP)

When that didn’t work out – Christie dropped out the following day after a poor showing – the New Jersey governor quickly threw crucial support behind Donald Trump, a candidate he had once had harsh words for. He started travelling with the New York tycoon, and opening for him at campaign events.

While Trump frequently mocked his sidekick – there were reports Christie was sometimes dispatched to collect Trump’s burgers – by the summer of 2016, his name was said to be on a shortlist of people being considered for vice president. At the very least, Christie may have expected a slot as Attorney General.

Chris Christie 'treasures' US-UK relationship

It was not to be. After being dropped as the head of Trump’s transition team, Christie was most recently given the tiniest of consolation prizes, when he was asked to advise the White House on how to tackle the nation’s opioid epidemic.

Most powerfully, Christie is now remembered as the man burned by Trump, and who has nothing to show for it other than a beach chair, and a approval rating among the people of New Jersey of just 15 per cent. It is, by some measure, the worst of any of the country’s 50 governors.

Few things sum the Christie’s pitiful fall, wrapped up with a scandal over an incident in which his top aides ordered the closure of a bridge in an attempt to hurt a political rival, than the drama that played out on the beaches of New Jersey this extended holiday weekend.

Christie was among the first senior Republicans to declare support for Trump (AP)

Confronting a partial government shutdown as he sought to agree a budget bill with his political opponents, Christie said he had been forced to shut down the state’s beaches. The issue may have blown over, had it not been for Andy Mills, an enterprising photographer from the local paper, The Star-Ledger, who hired a Cessna 152 two-seater and took to the skies to see if the beach ban applied to everyone.

It was at that point, that Mills spotted someone he thought looked very much like Christie, sitting on a piece of private beach attached to one of the Governor’s official houses on Island Beach State Park.

It’s beyond words. If I were gov, sure wouldn’t be sitting on beach if taxpayers didn’t have access to state beaches https://t.co/VBtBpoUUkv — Kim Guadagno (@KimGuadagnoNJ) July 3, 2017

“I’m looking, I’m like, 'that’s him,’ there’s no doubt in my mind that’s him,” Mills later recalled.

When the newspaper printed the rather unflattering of images of Christie slumped on a beach chair in a baseball cap, Christie may have risen to the occasion and chuckled. He might have laughed it off, and applauded the newspaper’s ambition.

World news in pictures







65 show all World news in pictures































































































































1/65 5 July 2017 A member of the Iraqi security forces runs with his weapon during a fight between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants in the Old City of Mosul, Iraq.

2/65 5 July 2017 A U.S. MGM-140 Army Tactical Missile is fired during the combined military exercise between the U.S. and South Korea against North Korea at an undisclosed location in South Korea A.P

3/65 4 July 2017 North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un looks on during the test-fire of inter-continental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 Reuters

4/65 4 July 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) shakes hands with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during a signing ceremony following the talks at the Kremlin Reuters

5/65 3 July 2017 Belarussian servicemen march during a military parade as part of celebrations marking the Independence Day in Minsk, Belarus Reuters

6/65 3 July 2017 Ambulance cars and fire engines are seen near the site where a coach burst into flames after colliding with a lorry on a motorway near Muenchberg, Germany Reuters

7/65 2 July 2017 Protesters demonstrating against the upcoming G20 economic summit ride boats on Inner Alster lake during a protest march in Hamburg, Germany. Hamburg will host the upcoming G20 summit and is expecting heavy protests throughout. Getty Images

8/65 1 July 2017 Protesters carry a large image of jailed Chinese Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo as they march during the annual pro-democracy protest in Hong Kong. Thousands joined an annual protest march in Hong Kong, hours after Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped up his visit to the city by warning against challenges to Beijing's sovereignty. AP

9/65 30 June 2017 Jockey Andrea Coghe of "Selva" (Forest) parish rides his horse during the first practice for the Palio Horse Race in Siena, Italy June 30, 2017 Reuters

10/65 30 June 2017 A man takes pictures with a phone with a Union Flag casing after Chinese President Xi Jinping (not pictured) inspected troops at the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Hong Kong Garrison as part of events marking the 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June 30, 2017 Reuters

11/65 29 June 2017 A protester against U.S. President Donald Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, holds a sign next to protesters supporting the ban, in New York City, U.S., June 29, 2017 Reuters

12/65 29 June 2017 Israeli Air Force Efroni T-6 Texan II planes perform at an air show during the graduation of new cadet pilots at Hatzerim base in the Negev desert, near the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva AFP/Getty Images

13/65 28 June 2017 A woman gestures next to people spraying insecticide on a vehicle during a mosquito-control operation led by Ivory Coast's National Public and Health Institute in Bingerville, near Abidjan where several cases of dengue fever were reported AFP/Getty Images

14/65 28 June 2017 An aerial view shows women swimming in the Yenisei River on a hot summer day, with the air temperature at about 32 degrees Celsius (89.6 degrees Fahrenheit), outside Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, Russia, June 28, 2017 Reuters

15/65 27 June 2017 A Libyan coast guardsman watches over as illegal immigrants arrive to land in a dinghy during the rescue of 147 people who attempted to reach Europe off the coastal town of Zawiyah, 45 kilometres west of the capital Tripoli, on June 27, 2017. More than 8,000 migrants have been rescued in waters off Libya during the past 48 hours in difficult weather conditions, Italy's coastguard said on June 27, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

16/65 27 June 2017 Investigators work at the scene of a car bomb explosion which killed Maxim Shapoval, a high-ranking official involved in military intelligence, in Kiev, Ukraine, June 27, 2017 Reuters

17/65 26 June 2017 A man leaves after voting in the Mongolian presidential election at the Erdene Sum Ger (Yurt) polling station in Tuul Valley. Mongolians cast ballots on June 26 to choose between a horse breeder, a judoka and a feng shui master in a presidential election rife with corruption scandals and nationalist rhetoric AFP/Getty Images

18/65 26 June 2017 People attend Eid al-Fitr prayers to mark the end of the holy fasting month of Ramadan at a play ground in the suburb of Sale, Morocco REUTERS

19/65 25 June 2017 A plain-clothes police officer kicks a member of a group of LGBT rights activist as Turkish police prevent them from going ahead with a Gay Pride annual parade on 25 June 2017 in Istanbul, a day after it was banned by the city governor's office. AFP/Getty Images

20/65 25 June 2017 Pakistan army soldiers stands guard while rescue workers examine the site of an oil tanker explosion at a highway near Bahawalpur, Pakistan. An overturned oil tanker burst into flames in Pakistan on Sunday, killing more than one hundred people who had rushed to the scene of the highway accident to gather leaking fuel, an official said. AP

21/65 24 June 2017 Rescue workers search for survivors at the site of a landslide that occurred in Xinmo Village, Mao County, Sichuan province, China REUTERS

22/65 23 June 2017 Student activists shout anti martial law slogans during a protest in Manila on June 23, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

23/65 23 June 2017 A diver performs from the Pont Alexandre III bridge into the River Seine in Paris, France, June 23, 2017 as Paris transforms into a giant Olympic park to celebrate International Olympic Days with a variety of sporting events for the public across the city during two days as the city bids to host the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games Reuters

24/65 23 June 2017 Debris and smoke are seen after an OV-10 Bronco aircraft released a bomb, during an airstrike, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who have taken over parts of Marawi city, Philippines June 23, 2017 Reuters

25/65 22 June 2017 Russian President Vladimir Putin (C) stands under pouring rain during a wreath-laying ceremony marking the 76th anniversary of the Nazi German invasion, by the Kremlin walls in Moscow, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

26/65 22 June 2017 Smoke rises following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa, on June 22, 2017 AFP/Getty Images

27/65 22 June 2017 Iraqis flee from the Old City of Mosul on June 22, 2017, during the ongoing offensive by Iraqi forces to retake the last district still held by the Islamic State (IS) group AFP/Getty Images

28/65 21 June 2017 Girls stand in monsoon rains beside an open laundry in New Delhi, India Reuters

29/65 21 June 2017 People take part in the 15th annual Times Square yoga event celebrating the Summer Solstice, the longest day of the year, during classes in the middle of Times Square in New York. The event marked the international day of yoga. Reuters

30/65 20 June 2017 Faroe Islanders turn the sea red after slaughtering hundreds of whales as part of annual tradition Rex

31/65 20 June 2017 A firefighting plane tackles a blaze in Cadafaz, near Goes, Portugal Reuters

32/65 15 June 2017 A person participates in a journalists' protest asking for justice in recent attacks on journalists in Mexico City, Mexico, 15 June 2017 EPA

33/65 11 June 2017 Poland's Piotr Lobodzinski starts in front of the Messeturm, Fairground Tower, in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

34/65 11 June 2017 A runner lies on the ground after arriving at the finish line in Frankfurt Germany. More than 1,000 runners climbed the 1202 stairs, and 222 meters of height in the Frankfurt Messeturm skyscraper run AP

35/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

36/65 11 June 2017 A troupe of Ukrainian dancers perform on the tarmac at Boryspil airport in Kiev, on the first day of visa-free travel for Ukrainian nationals to the European Union Getty Images

37/65 11 June 2017 French President Emmanuel Macron with his wife Brigitte Trogneux cast their ballot at their polling station in the first round of the French legislatives elections in Le Touquet, northern France EPA

38/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoist EPA

39/65 11 June 2017 A Thai worker paints on a large statue of the Goddess of Mercy, known as Guan Yin at a Chinese temple in Ratchaburi province, Thailand. Guan Yin is one of the most popular and well known Chinese Goddess in Asia and in the world. Guan Yin is the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion in Mahayana Buddhism and also worshiped by Taoists EPA

40/65 11 June 2017 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu chairs a weekly cabinet meeting at his office in Jerusalem. An Israeli court has ordered a journalist to pay more than $25,000 in damages to Netanyahu and his wife Sara for libeling them. The magistrate court in Tel Aviv ruled Sunday that Igal Sarna libeled the couple for writing a Facebook post that claimed the prime minister's wife kicked the Israeli leader out of their car during a fight AP

41/65 10 June 2017 Parkour enthusiasts train on Ipanema beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Originally developed in France, the training discipline is gaining popularity in Brazil Mario Tama/Getty Images

42/65 10 June 2017 Volunteers spread mozzarella cheese toppings on the Guinness World Record attempt for the Longest Pizza in Fontana, California, USA. The pizza was planned to be 7000 feet (2.13 km) to break the previous record of 6082 feet (1.8 km) set in Naples, Italy in 2016 EPA

43/65 10 June 2017 Jamaica's Olympic champion Usain Bolt gestures after winning his final 100 metres sprint at the 2nd Racers Grand Prix at the National Stadium in Kingston, Jamaica REUTERS/Gilbert Bellamy

44/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

45/65 10 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica salutes the crowd after winning 100m 'Salute to a Legend' race during the Racers Grand Prix at the national stadium in Kingston, Jamaica. Bolt partied with his devoted fans in an emotional farewell at the National Stadium on June 10 as he ran his final race on Jamaican soil. Bolt is retiring in August following the London World Championships Getty Images

46/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

47/65 10 June 2017 Police officers investigate at the Amsterdam Centraal station in Amsterdam, Netherlands. A car ploughed into pedestrians and injured at least five people outside the station. The background of the incident was not immediately known, though police state they have 'no indication whatsoever' the incident was an attack EPA

48/65 10 June 2017 Protesters stand off before police during a demonstration against corruption, repression and unemployment in Al Hoseima, Morocco. The neglected Rif region has been rocked by social unrest since the death in October of a fishmonger. Mouhcine Fikri, 31, was crushed in a rubbish truck as he protested against the seizure of swordfish caught out of season and his death has sparked fury and triggered nationwide protests Getty Images

49/65 9 June 2017 A man looks on at a migrant and refugee makeshift camp set up under the highway near Porte de la Chapelle, northern Paris Getty Images

50/65 9 June 2017 Damaged cars are seen stacked in the middle of a road in western Mosul's Zanjili neighbourhood during ongoing battles to try to take the city from Islamic State (IS) group fighters Getty

51/65 9 June 2017 Smoke billows following a reported air strike on a rebel-held area in the southern Syrian city of Daraa Getty Images

52/65 9 June 2017 Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel gestures next to Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto during a welcome ceremony at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico REUTERS/Carlos Jasso

53/65 9 June 2017 Soldiers and residents carry the body of a Muslim boy who was hit by a stray bullet while praying inside a mosque, as government troops continue their assault against insurgents from the Maute group, who has taken over large parts of the Marawi City, Philippines REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

54/65 8 June 2017 Opposition demonstrators protest for the death on the eve of young activist Neomar Lander during clashes with riot police, in Caracas Getty Images

55/65 8 June 2017 Neomar Lander, a 17-year-old boy was killed during a march in the Chacao district in eastern Caracas on Wednesday, taking the overall death toll since the beginning of April to 66, according to prosecutors Getty Images

56/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI director James Comey is sworn in during a hearing before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

57/65 8 June 2017 Former FBI Director James Comey testifies during a US Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC Getty Images

58/65 8 June 2017 Usain Bolt of Jamaica trains at the University of West Indies in Kingston. Bolt says he is looking forward to having a party as he launches his final season on June 10 with what will be his last race on Jamaican soil. The 30-year-old world's fasted man plans to retire from track and field after the 2017 London World Championships in August Getty Images

59/65 8 June 2017 Acquanetta Warren, Mayor of Fontana, California, reacts after US President Donald Trump introduced himself before the Infrastructure Summit with Governors and Mayors at the White House in Washington, US REUTERS/Yuri Gripas

60/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reason Getty Images

61/65 8 June 2017 A woman reacts at the place where 17-year-old demonstrator Neomar Lander died during riots at a rally against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas, Venezuela, June 8, 2017. The sign reads: 'Neomar, entertainer for ever' REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado

62/65 8 June 2017 Frenchman Alain Castany, sentenced to 20 years on charges of drug trafficking in the 'Air Cocaine' affair, leaves the prison in Santo Domingo, on his way to France, where he is being transferred for medical reasons Getty Images

63/65 8 June 2017 Queen Maxima of The Netherlands visits Tobroco Machines in Oisterwijk, Netherlands. The company is a manufacturer of machines for use in agriculture, road construction and field maintenance. Tobroco is winner of the 2016 Koning Willem 1 Award for entrepreneurship Getty Images

64/65 7 June 2017 A family member of an inmate tries to stop a truck used to transfer prisoners, outside a prison where a riot took place on Tuesday, in Ciudad Victoria, Mexico REUTERS/Josue Gonzalez

65/65 7 June 2017 An unconscious person is taken away on a motorcycle by fellow demonstrators after they clashed with riot police during a protest in Caracas, Venezuela Getty Images

Instead, he resorted to the sort of scorn, frequently employed by Trump, the man he once sought to serve. “What a great bit of journalism by The Star-Ledger. They actually caught a politician being where he said he was going to be with the people he said he was going to be with, his wife and children and their friends,” he scoffed. “I am sure they will get a Pulitzer for this one.”

Things got even more ridiculous, when his official spokesman claimed Christie didn’t “get any sun” because of the cap he was wearing.

Christie will soon be gone from the Governor’s mansion. An election for his successor is scheduled for November. The Republican candidate, Lt Gov Kim Guadagno, was among those to criticise his antics.

“If I were governor, I sure wouldn’t be sitting on the beach if taxpayers didn’t have access to state beaches,” she said.

If the people of New Jersey will not be sad to see him go, it’s not hard to understand why. As The New York Times pointed out, along with the Bridgegate scandal, residents have also seen their governor using a state helicopter paid for by taxpayers to attend his son’s baseball game, and were then horrified to see him celebrating in 2015 with Jerry Jones, the owner of the rival Dallas Cowboys football team.

All the while, as these dramas were playing out in New Jersey, Christie was chasing around the country as the bag man of Trump. People saw him as someone so desperate for power that he was willing to do anything. That is not a good look.


~_~


We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

Thank you for your support.


~_~


The single green advantage of diesel has disappeared, according to research showing that the average new car consumes almost as much fuel as the average petrol model.

Previous governments used tax incentives to encourage drivers to buy diesel cars to help meet climate change targets. The cars were said to be greener because they consumed less fuel per mile and so produced lower greenhouse gas emissions. The tax incentives ignored the far higher air pollution emitted.

The efficiency advantage has been eroded by bigger, more powerful diesel cars, according to research by the International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT).


~_~


People who go to the best private schools are more likely to end up with drug and alcohol addictions in later life, new research has suggested.

“Privileged” students who live in affluent areas and attend elite schools are at a high risk of turning to cannabis, cocaine and ecstasy, the group of researchers claimed, as well as being more prone to alcohol abuse.

Girls from top schools are said to be three times more likely to suffer from drugs and alcohol-related problems than their less privileged peers, even in cases where they performed “exceedingly well” in school and were highly thought of by teachers and friends.

Boys from the same backgrounds were said to be twice as likely as other male students to becoming addicted to drink or substances in early adulthood.

Studying the habits of two groups of students in affluent communities in New England in the US, researchers from Arizona State University (ASU) assessed teenage participants when they were high school seniors, then again annually across four college years, and from the age of 23 to 27.

“We found alarmingly high rates of substance abuse among young adults who we initially studied as teenagers,” said Professor Suniya Luthar, a professor of psychology who led the research at ASU.

“Results showed that among both men and women and across annual assessments, these young adults had substantial elevations, relative to national norms, in frequency of several indicators - drinking to intoxication and of using marijuana, stimulants such as Adderall, cocaine, and club drugs such as ecstasy.”

Between 19 and 24 per cent of women in the older cohort were found to have some form of addiction, compared with 23 to 40 per cent of men by the age of 26.

“These rates were three and two times as high respectively, as compared to national norms,” said Prof Luthar.

World's 10 deadliest street drugs







10 show all World's 10 deadliest street drugs

















1/10 10. Purple Drank One of the more unusual drugs around at the moment, purple drank was popularised in 90s hip hop culture, with the likes of Jay Z and Big Moe all mentioning it in their songs. It is a concoction of soda water, sweets and cold medicine, and is drunk due to cold medicines high codeine content, which gives the user a woozy feeling. However it can also cause respiratory issues and heart failure

2/10 9. Scopolamine Scopolamine is a derivative from the nightshade plant found in the Northern Indian region of South America (Ecuador, Colombia and Venezuela). It is generally found in a refined powder form, but can also be found as a tea. The drug is more often used by criminals due its high toxicity level (one gram is believed to be able to kill up to 20 people) making it a strong poison. However, it is also believed that the drug is blown into the faces of unexpecting victims, later causing them to lose all sense of self-control and becoming incapable of forming memories during the time they are under the influence of the drug. This tactic has reportedly been used by gangs in Colombia where there have been reports of people using scopolamine as way to convince victims to rob their own homes

3/10 8. Heroin Founded in 1874 by C. R. Alder Wright, heroin is one of the world’s oldest drugs. Originally it was prescribed as a strong painkiller used to treat chronic pain and physical trauma. However in 1971 it was made illegal under the Misuse of Drugs Act. Since then it has become one of the most destructive substances in the world, tearing apart communities and destroying families. The side effects of heroin include inflammation of the gums, cold sweats, a weak immune system, muscular weakness and insomnia. It can also damage blood vessels which can later cause gangrene if left untreated

4/10 7. Crack cocaine Crack cocaine first came about in the 1980’s when cocaine became a widespread commodity within the drug trafficking world. Originally cocaine would have attracted a high price tag due to its rarity and difficulty to produce, but once it became more widespread the price dropped significantly. This resulted in drug dealers forming their cocaine into rock like shapes by using baking soda as a way of distilling the powder down into rock form. People were doing this because it allowed for them to sell cocaine at a lower quantity and to a higher number of people. The side effects of crack cocaine include liver, kidney and lung damage, as well as permanent damage to blood vessels, which can often lead to heart attacks, strokes, and ultimately death

5/10 6. Crystal meth Not just famous because of a certain Walter H White, but also because it is one of the most destructive drugs in the world. First developed in 1887, it became widely used during the Second World War when both sides would give it to their troops to keep them awake. It is also believed that the Japanese gave it to their Kamikaze pilots before their suicide missions. After the war crystal meth was prescribed as a diet aid and remained legal until the 1970s. Since then it has fallen into the hands of Mexican gangs and has become a worldwide phenomenon, spreading throughout Europe and Asia. The effects of crystal meth are devastating. In the short-term users will become sleep depraved and anxious, and in the long-term it will cause their flesh to sink, as well as brain damage and damage of the blood vessels

6/10 5. AH-7921 AH-7921 is a synthetic opioid that was previously available to legally purchase online from vendors until it became a Class A in January 2015. The drug is believed to have 80% of the potency of morphine, and became known as the ‘legal heroin’. While there has only been one death related to AH-7921 in the UK, it is believed to be highly dangerous and capable of causing respiratory arrest and gangrene

7/10 4. Flakka Flakka is a stimulant with a similar chemical make-up to the amphetamine-like drug found in bath salts. While the drug was originally marketed as a legal high alternative to ecstasy, the effects are significantly different. The user will feel an elevated heart rate, enhanced emotions, and, if enough is digested, strong hallucinations. The drug can cause permanent psychological damage due to it affecting the mood regulating neurons that keep the mind’s serotonin and dopamine in check, as well as possibly causing heart failure

8/10 3. Bath salts Bath salts are a synthetic crystalline drug that is prevalent in the US. While they may sound harmless, they certainly aren’t the sort of salts you drop into a warm bath when having a relaxing night in, they are most similar to mephedrone, and have recently been featured throughout social media due to the ‘zombification’ of its. The name comes from the fact that the drug was originally sold online, and widely disguised as bath salts. The side effects include unusual psychiatric behaviour, psychosis, panic attacks and violent behaviour, as well as the possibility of a heart attack and an elevated body temperature

9/10 2. Whoonga Whoonga is a combination of antiretroviral drugs, used to treat HIV, and various cutting agents such as detergents and poisons. The drug is widely available in South Africa due to South Africa’s high rate of HIV sufferers, and is believed to be popular due to how cheap it is when compared to prescribed antiretrovirals. The drug is highly addictive and can cause major health issues such as internal bleeding, stomach ulcers and ultimately death Getty Images

10/10 1. Krokodil Krokodil is Russia’s secret addiction. It is believed that over one million Russians are addicted to the drug. Users of krokodil are attracted to the drug due to its low price; it is sold at £20 a gram while heroin is sold for £60. However, krokodil is considered more dangerous than heroin because it is often homemade, with ingredients including painkillers, iodine, lighter fluid and industrial cleaning agents. This chemical make-up makes the drug highly dangerous and likely to cause gangrene, and eventually rotting of the flesh

”Among the younger cohort by the age of 22 years, rates of addiction were between 11 and 16 per cent among women - close to national norms, but 19 to 27 per cent among men, or about twice as high as national norms,” she added.

Under closer analysis, the researchers saw a pattern in that participants with higher rates of addiction had all attended the best schools.

Publishing the study in the journal Development and Psychopathology, Prof Luther suggested part of the reason behind the findings might be that pupils at these schools experience more pressure on them to achieve.

They tended to abide by a “work hard play hard” mentality, and often had more money, which helped to buy alcohol and source both prescription and recreational drugs, as well as fake IDs.

“Not all of these students were from wealthy families but most were; as parents typically had advanced educational degrees and median incomes much higher than national norms,” she added.

”And without question, most of the parents wanted their kids to head off to the best universities, as did the kids themselves.“

Global commission call for legalisation of drugs

Parents of such children could also be lulled into a false sense of security, she suggested, trusting their children to be behaving well on account of their good grades.

"Messing with drugs and alcohol really should not be trivialised as just something all kids do,” the author warned. “The earlier children start to use and the more frequently they do, the more likely it is that they will develop addictions down the line.”

Improved sex and relationships education in schools could prove to be helpful moving forward, she said, as information on the risks of drug taking and sexually transmitted diseases were all relevant and needed.

Schools should also be aware of the pressures that students are under, particularly in trying to get into the most selective universities.

Going so far as to make pupils aware of alternative life paths would also help to reduce such problems, she said, for instance “showing the kids there are role models of adults who did not go to an elite university, but who picked a college because it felt right for them and who were highly successful in life.”

“We now need the same dedicated research on kids who grow up in pressure- cooker, high achieving schools,” Luthar said. “Paradoxical though it may seem, these ostensibly privileged youth, many of who start experimenting early and often with drinking and drugs, could well be among the groups at highest risk for alcoholism and addiction in adulthood.”




~_~


TOKYO Germany's Lukas Podolski has set his sights on helping Vissel Kobe qualify for the Asian Champions League in his maiden J.League season, the World Cup-winning forward said on Thursday.

Podolski became the biggest name to arrive in the J.League since Uruguayan striker Diego Forlan joined Cerezo Osaka in 2014 when the 32-year-old signed an estimated $5.3 million deal to make the switch from Galatasaray.

"I don't feel any pressure because I have had pressure since I started playing football," Podolski, a member of Germany's 2014 World Cup winning team, told a news conference in Kobe.

"It is not a problem, it is a big challenge for me. I don't play in Europe, I play now in the J.League and Asia, so it is a big move, of course, but I have a target."

"The first target is to fight for the first three places (in the J.League) to qualify for the Champions League," said Podolski who is set to make his debut in a July 29 home match against Omiya Ardija.

Kobe had wanted Podolski to join them before the spring transfer window closed on Mar. 31 and will expect him to lift the club, currently lying 11th and 13 points behind leaders Kashima Antlers, in the second half of the season.

"I am here now to help everyone. I am not alone. I know my team mates will help me. Now we have to go train hard and fight on the pitch for 90 minutes and get three points every game," added the former Bayern Munich and Arsenal player.

(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; Editing by John O'Brien)


~_~


Boris Johnson has been widely mocked after stumbling through a torturous interview in which he sought to set out the government's agenda.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's PM programme following the Queen's Speech yesterday, the Foreign Secretary stammered and sighed in response to questions on everything from discrimination to Theresa May's job security.

At one point, "BoJo" could be heard leafing through papers while asking presenter Eddie Mair to "hang on a second".

After he ducked a mental health question to return to a previous topic, Mair told him: "It's not a Two Ronnies sketch – you can't answer the question before last."

Video of When it come to car crash interviews, this is going take some beating - Boris Johnson

However, Johnson can take solace in the fact he is far from the first politician to fall apart under interview pressure. Here are five of the worst

Diane Abbott vs Nick Ferrari

An election campaign interview on LBC to discuss police funding turned into a nightmare for shadow home secretary Diane Abbott, who went blank on the key figures behind Labour's policies. Her series of embarrassing mathematical blunders included a claim that recruiting 10,000 new police officers would cost £300,000 - the equivalent, as presenter Nick Ferrari pointed out, of £30 per officer.

Abbott was excoriated for her apparently scant acquaintance with her brief, although some commentators said such criticism was motivated in part by sexism and racism.

Not long later, Abbott ducked out from the campaign altogether, suffering from an unspecified illness which she since said was diabetes.

Video of Diane Abbott's car crash interview on LBC radio

Michael Howard vs Jeremy Paxman

During an interview in 1997, Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman asked then home secretary Michael Howard the same question 12 times and each time, the politician refused to answer.

It was a "masterclass in persistence, even if it merely led to a very uncomfortable stalemate" between two stubborn men, says The Guardian.

Video of Jeremy Paxman's infamous Michael Howard interview - BBC

Chloe Smith vs Jeremy Paxman

After that tie, the journalist came out top when interviewing Tory Treasury spokeswoman Chloe Smith in 2012, when she failed miserably to defend boss George Osborne's U-turn on fuel duty.

"The result was so cringe-inducing it can only be viewed through fingers," the Daily Mirror writes.

Many branded the then chancellor a coward for ducking out of the interview. Paxman agreed, saying Osborne "should have been the one held up for public ridicule".

Video of Paxman interviews hapless minister Chloe Smith on Newsnight 26.06.2012 - Excruciating to watch

Nigel Farage vs James O'Brien

Ukip's Nigel Farage faced tough questions from LBC presenter James O'Brien in 2014, when the MEP was quizzed on racism, expenses and his party's links to far-right European politicians.

Farage got such a grilling that the Ukip director of communications tried to intervene to bring the exchange to a halt, writes The Guardian.

Video of Nigel Farage v James O'Brien: Live On LBC

Both men are now employed by the radio station, which could make for awkward moments in the staff canteen.

as Nigel Farage gets a new nightly show on LBC, this is what his colleague James O'Brien told me in November pic.twitter.com/YWR05RcxMg — Matthew Champion (@matthewchampion) January 5, 2017

Natalie Bennett vs Nick Ferrari

Ferrari had practice ahead of his interview with Abbott. In the run-up to the 2015 general election, he was at the helm when Green Party leader Natalie Bennett made several awkward attempts to explain how her party's housing policy would be funded.

She later admitted it had been "absolutely excruciating", adding: "All I can say is occasionally one just has a mind blank. That happens."

The Daily Telegraph says it was "the interview that had the whole nation screaming: 'STOP! STOP! Fake your own DEATH if necessary. Make the horror END!' But it didn't."


~_~


As part of a deal to renew mayoral control of New York City schools, state and city leaders agreed to an administrative fix that allows a bump in the number of charters permitted in the city, two people familiar with the matter said Wednesday.

The deal would allow the reuse of 22 charters—or contracts for schools—that were previously revoked or surrendered by charters that closed or never opened. This strategy has been dubbed...


~_~


Social media users react with glee and disbelief as Tory MP reveals name of newborn son on Instagram

The Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg has provoked delight and mirth by naming his newborn son and sixth child Sixtus.

Rees-Mogg, MP for North East Somerset, announced the birth on Instagram on Wednesday.

He posted an image of himself cradling Sixtus, with the words: “Helena and I announce with great joy that we have a baby Sixtus Dominic Boniface Christopher, a brother for Peter, Mary, Thomas, Anselm and Alfred.”

One Twitter user responded: “There’s a man in touch with the challenges of modern life.”

Another said: “The thing about Jacob Rees-Mogg is that his politics [are] horrendous but I can’t bring myself to hate him because he’s from another time.”

Going into Labour: are parents really calling their children Corbyn? Read more

And another wrote: “Jacob Rees-Mogg is trending because apparently we’ve had no recent lessons about not taking dangerously inept rich men in politics seriously.”

Sixtus isn’t the only one of the Rees-Mogg brood with a lengthy name. His siblings’ full names are Peter Theodore Alphege, Mary Anne Charlotte Emma, Thomas Wentworth Somerset Dunstan, Anselm Charles Fitzwilliam and Alfred Wulfric Leyson Pius Rees-Mogg.

The Old Etonian’s eccentric image has made him something of a cult figure on Instagram and Twitter. Rees-Mogg is a recent convert to social media, describing it in a recent interview as “great fun”. His Twitter background features a bucolic Somerset landscape.

The sketch writer Quentin Letts famously dubbed him “the honourable member for the early 20th century”. Rees-Mogg himself, a member of an old mining family, has said he is suspicious of politicians who try to present themselves as “men of the people”.






~_~


For some, Valentine's Day means an inconvenient rush for flowers and last-minute dinner reservations. For others, it's the most romantic time of year.

Love it or hate it, 14 February is only a day away. So why not brush up on the history, customs and superstitions of Valentine's Day, and see if inspiration strikes?

History of Valentine's Day

Like Halloween, the origins of Valentine's Day are rooted in paganism, specifically in a fertility festival known as Lupercalia, says National Geographic.

The festival – which was "wildly popular" until the fifth century AD – was celebrated annually on 15 February. It was customary for men to use whips fashioned from the skins of a goat or dog to spank young maidens in order to increase fertility.

Lupercalia was so popular that the young Christian Church was unable to stop pagans taking part, and so it eventually began to modify the festival into a Christian celebration, linking it to the legend of St Valentine.

St Valentine was executed by the Roman Emperor Claudius II after he was caught performing secret marriage ceremonies, which were at the time prohibited by the emperor in an attempt to strengthen his army.

The story goes that Valentine sent a final love note to his jailer's daughter signed, "From your Valentine", and thus Valentine's Day was born.

The introduction of the penny postage and envelopes saw the Valentine card became popular in the late 19th century. It was often decorated with lace, ribbons and messages hidden behind secret panels.

Valentine's Day around the world

Japan: Japanese chocolate companies make half their annual sales in the week leading up to Valentine's Day, although it's not the men who are shelling out their hard-earned cash. In Japan it's traditional for women to do the spoiling. It's not all rosy for the boys, though – they are expected to return the favour on White Day, which falls on 14 March.

South Korea: In Korea they take it a step further. As well as celebrating Valentine's Day and White Day, they also mark Black Day (14 April), on which people not in relationships meet in restaurants to eat black noodles and mourn/celebrate being single.

France: In days of yore, so the legend goes, the single men and women of a village would call to each other from houses on opposite sides of the road in order to find a mate. This was called a "loterie d'amour" (love lottery). If the pairing didn't work out, the scorned women would burn pictures of the men who rejected them on a bonfire while shouting vulgar insults. This eventually led to the practice being outlawed.

Germany: Although Valentine's Day didn't catch on in Germany until after World War Two, the Germans have already developed their own unique tradition for the festival – their Valentine's Day displays are just as likely to feature pigs as roses and love hearts. The pig is a traditional symbol of luck – marzipan pigs are also traditionally given to family and friends at New Year.

Finland and Estonia: Here Valentine's Day is as much a celebration of friendship as it is of romantic love. In both languages the name given to 14 February translates as Friend's Day.

Wales: In Wales, Dydd Santes Dwynwen is celebrated on 25 January, a day that commemorates St Dwynwen, the patron saint of Welsh lovers.


~_~


Mineral-rich waters off the west coast are attracting whales in growing numbers PA:Press Association

The west coast of Scotland is to be promoted as one of the best places in Europe to see whales.

The Scottish government has awarded a grant of almost £200,000 to the Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust (HWDT), and the funding will go towards creating a network of 25 whale-watching sites across the west coast.

Mineral-rich waters warmed by the Gulf Stream are attracting minke, sperm, killer, fin, northern bottlenose and humpback whales in growing numbers, alongside basking sharks, porpoises and dolphins.

The announcement was part of £4.3 million of funding which has been allocated from the government’s coastal communities fund.

Roseanna Cunningham, the environment secretary, said: “With more than 10,000 miles of stunning coastline in Scotland we need to do all we can to…


~_~


Hidden down a quiet street in Berlin's Prenzlauer Berg district you'll find a chic hotel that's making quite a splash – just be sure to keep an eye out or you might walk straight past it.

Hotel Oderberger is housed within an imposing brick building (with a very discreet sign) that for almost a century served as a public bathhouse. Closed in 1986, it underwent a four-year renovation that kicked off in 2012 before reopening as a hotel in January 2016. Original features have been carefully restored, and private bathing rooms have now been turned into guestrooms.

The original pool reopened last October, and it really is spectacular; the blue-tiled bath sits within a large, echoey room that's all vaulted ceilings, columns and arches. The pool is open to the public (there are even weekly tours available), though rather surprisingly hotel guests have to pay to swim too – albeit at a discounted rate.

The Oderberger was still a work in progress during my visit in January 2017 – there were wires in the hallway waiting to be connected to light fixtures, keycard pads that hadn't been activated, and one day I was woken up at 8.30am by noisy building works in the room next door. However, the hotel told me it expected to have everything finished “asap” and, since I stayed, the restaurant has started serving breakfast. It should be fully operational by June, and the spa was unveiled this month.

The Hotel Oderberger's discreet entrance (Hotel Oderberger )

Already fully open is the cosy bar off the reception area, complete with log fire and well-stocked shelves.

Location

The hotel is five minutes on foot from the Eberswalder Strasse metro station. It's also within walking distance of the Berlin Wall Memorial; don't miss the fascinating open-air displays along the way, describing what life was like for residents of this area when the wall was erected and, in some cases, when their houses were used as the border.

Also close by is the KulturBrauerai, the “Culture Brewery”, which hosts performing arts and workshops, a Sunday street food market and a small permanent exhibition on life in the GDR.

Peckish? There are plenty of cool places to dine nearby, whether you want modern Turkish and bare brick walls at Osmans Toechter or burgers in fluffy steamed buns, with colourful graphic prints hanging overhead, at Bun Bao.

Comfort

The rooms are stylish while still retaining some original features. In my Comfort double, the old bathing room door – complete with peeling paint – had been encased in glass and used as a sliding door for the shower room, while clothes hooks, tiling and old benches were all visible in the bedroom. Walls were freshly whitewashed brick, set off by minimalist furniture, copper lamps and grey fabrics. Two freestanding radiators took up a huge amount of space and caused more than one stubbed toe – they were clearly new, so I'm not sure quite why the hotel didn't opt for a slimline wall-mounted version instead.

Rooms are modern while retaining original features (Hotel Oderberger )

As well as Premium rooms and Junior Suites, you'll find Maisonettes, which come complete with mezzanine sleeping areas, and apartments tucked into the eaves, each sleeping between two and eight people.

Essentials

Oderberger Strasse 57, Berlin, Germany (00 49 30 780089 760; hotel-oderberger.berlin).

Doubles from €125.50, B&B.

Wifi: Free

Access: Three wheelchair-accessible rooms

Rooms: ****

Service: ***

Value: ***


~_~


Britain's Secretary of State for International Trade, Liam Fox, arrives in Downing Street for a cabinet meeting, London, Britain July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

LONDON British trade minister Liam Fox welcomed a free trade pact between the European Union and Japan on Thursday, urging the two sides to maintain momentum as they finalise details of the deal.

European Council President Donald Tusk said on Thursday the agreement was concluded at a meeting with visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.

Signed in Brussels, the "political agreement" is heavy with symbolism and leaves some areas of negotiation still to finish, though officials insist key snags were overcome this week.

"I am pleased to see encouraging progress on such an ambitious trading agreement. I urge both sides to maintain momentum as they work towards a swift conclusion of this deal," Fox said in a statement.

(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, editing by Elizabeth Piper)


~_~


菲律宾环境部长取消对项目发放环境许可的限制 路透马尼拉7月6日 - 菲律宾新任环境及自然资源部部长西马图(Roy Cimatu)取消对包括矿山勘探与开发在内的项目发放环境许可的限制，推翻了在5月遭解职的前任此前发布的一项命令。




~_~


With Halloween just days away, it's time once again for Americans to dig out their costumes and candy corn – and for Brits to turn off the lights, draw the curtains and pretend they're not at home.

Even the grumpiest of Halloween cynics would have to concede that the festival has a fascinating history. Modern customs may seem baldly commercial, but many are older – and stranger – than you might imagine.

The origins of Halloween

Customs now associated with Halloween have their origins in an ancient Celtic festival called Samhain (pronounced "sow'inn"), meaning summer's end. The Celts believed this was the time when the veil between this world and the next was at its thinnest, allowing the spirits of the dead to move freely among the living. It was one of the four major seasonal holidays celebrated in Celtic Ireland and Scotland, and took place around 1 November.

Around the 8th century, the Christian church began to celebrate All Hallows' Day (also called All Saints' Day), placing the holiday on 1 November in an attempt to accommodate pagan practices and thus smooth the path to conversion.

On the night before All Hallows' Day, which was marked with a feast, Christians would attend a vigil to pray for the souls of the dead and commemorate the saints believed to be in heaven. This event, known as All Hallows' Eve, became Halloween. By the Middle Ages, this tradition had evolved into an elaborate ritual, with criers dressed in black garb walking the streets to call upon the faithful to pray for the dead – it must have been an unnerving sight to early Christians, lending an eerie tone to the holy day.

Why do we 'trick or treat'?

"Halloween was the one night of the year when communities generally tolerated pranking," says The Atlantic. However, "the point was to cause mischief, not to gather treats".

But while Halloween "tricks" may be a venerable tradition, "treats" have far more recent roots.

"Mumming" – going from door to door acting out short skits in exchange for food or drink – was a common form of entertainment during festivals in the Middle Ages, but it did not have a particular association with Halloween.

In fact, trick or treating as we know it did not become a widespread phenomenon in the US until the 1940s. Until then, seasonal fruits such as apples and pumpkins would be a typical offering at a Halloween party.

Mischief Night is still celebrated in many of the UK's communities, but it has been rapidly eclipsed by American-style festivities since the 1980s.

Other well-known Halloween traditions are much older. Carving vegetables to use as lamps is an ancient practice dating back thousands of years. Halloween Jack O'Lanterns with carved faces were first documented in the 19th century, when they were placed in windows to ward off evil spirits.

The tradition of donning spooky costumes for the festival dates back to the Celts, who disguised themselves to blend in with the ghosts believed to wander the Earth on Samhain, the Gaelic festival marking the end of the harvest season and the beginning of winter.

Halloween in Britain

In Scotland and parts of northern England, Halloween traditionally went by the name of Mischief Night, named after the tradition of dressing up and playing tricks on unsuspecting neighbours. Mischief Night is still celebrated in many of the region's communities, but recent decades have seen it rapidly eclipsed by American-style Halloween festivities. Interestingly, however, parts of the north-eastern United States and Canada continue to observe Mischief Night as a separate entity from Halloween, under a variety of regional names such as Cabbage Night, Devil's Night and Gate Night.

Halloween around the world

While British Halloween celebrations have increasingly followed the American lead, other nations have preserved their own traditions. Often these focus on a celebration of the dead and their effect on the living.

Mexico, Latin America and Spain: Dia de los Muertos, or the Day of the Dead, is a joyous celebration of lost relatives, who are believed to return to their houses on Halloween. The three-day celebration, which begins on 31 October, involves building an altar at home and decorating it with sweets, flowers, photographs and samples of the deceased's favourite foods.

China: The Chinese equivalent of Halloween is Teng Chieh, which celebrates the connections between the living and the dead. Families traditionally place food and water next to photographs of deceased family members, while lanterns and bonfires are lit to guide home the departed.

Japan: Japan celebrates its version of Halloween, Obon or Festival of the Lanterns, in August. According to the tradition, dead ancestors return each year to the place where they were born, guided by red lanterns hung in doorways, and released into rivers and seas on the last day of the festival.

Europe: Different European countries have their own traditions and superstitions when it comes to Halloween. In the Czech Republic, extra chairs are placed by the fireside for the spirits of family members who have died, while Austrians leave bread, water and a lighted lamp out at night to welcome dead souls back to earth.

In certain regions of Germany, families will hide their knives at Halloween to avoid hurting the returning spirits of their deceased friends and families.

Many countries, such as Sweden and Finland, also mark 1 November - All Saints' Day, when Christian saints and martyrs are remembered. It is also referred to as All Hallows' Day or Hallowmas, among other names.

Hong Kong: People in Hong Kong celebrate Yue Lan, or the Hungry Ghosts Festival, which is similar to Halloween, in summer – the date varies each year. Ghosts and spirits are said to roam the world for 24 hours while people burn pictures of fruit or money in order to comfort them.


~_~


The rate at which foreign investment into the UK is creating new jobs is slowing as Britain heads towards the exit door of the EU, Government figures show.

Statistics published by the Department for International Trade (DIT) today show new jobs created by foreign investment fell by 9 per cent last year, with the number of company expansions also falling.

Jobs created in 2015/16 were 82,650, calling to 75,226 in 2016/17, the Department said. Firms expanding were down from 821 to 782.

The UK attracted over 2,200 new inward investment projects in 2016-17, a record rate.

Liam Fox, the International Trade Secretary, cast the figures in a positive light – noting that the UK was attracting “record levels of investment” despite the slowing job creation rate.

“Almost one year on since the EU referendum, the UK continues to attract record levels of inward investment and remains extremely attractive to foreign investors,” he said.

“As an international economic department, we continue to promote the strengths of the UK as a great inward investment destination, with an open, liberal economy, world-class talent and business-friendly taxation.”

The DIT says investments came first and foremost from the US, with 557 projects, and China in third with 160 projects. France was in third with 131 while India, Australia and New Zealand saw 127 projects each.

Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said the fall in job creation showed Mr Fox’s department was a “disaster”.

"This report shows that Liam Fox’s department is a disaster. If the International Trade Department cannot grow international trade, what are they actually for?” he said.

Brexit Concerns







26 show all Brexit Concerns

















































1/26 Brexit will put British patients at 'back of the queue' for new drugs Brexit will put British patients at the “back of the queue” for vital new drugs, the Government has been warned – forcing them to wait up to two years longer A medicines regulator has raised the alarm over a likely decision to pull out of the European Medicines Agency (EMA), as well as the EU itself. ealth Secretary Jeremy Hunt dropped the bombshell , when he said he expected the UK would quit the EMA – because it is subject to rulings by the European Court of Justice. Getty Images

2/26 London to lose status as 'gateway to Europe' for banks One of Germany’s top banking regulators has warned that London could lose its status as “gateway to Europe” for the banking sector after Britain quits the European trading bloc. Andreas Dombret, who is an executive board member for the Bundesbank—Germany’s central bank—told a private meeting of German businesses and banks earlier this week in Frankfurt that even if banking rules were “equivalent” between the UK and the rest of the EU, that was still “miles away from [Britain having] access to the single market”, the BBC reports. Jason Hawkes

3/26 Exodus The number of financial sector professionals in Britain and continental Europe looking for jobs in Ireland rocketed in the months after the UK voted to leave the European Union Shutterstock

4/26 Brexit is making FTSE 100 executives richer Pay packages of many FTSE 100 chief executive officers are partly tied to how well share prices are doing rather than the CEO’s performance -- and some stocks are soaring. ritish equities got a boost since the June vote because the likes of Rio Tinto, Smiths Group and WPP generate most sales abroad and earn a fortune when they convert these revenues back into the weakened pound. Sterling’s fall also made UK stocks more affordable for overseas investors. Rex

5/26 Theresa May: UK to leave single market Theresa May has said the UK "cannot possibly" remain within the European single market, as staying in it would mean "not leaving the EU at all". Getty

6/26 Lead campaigner Gina Miller and her team outside the High Court Getty

7/26 Raymond McCord holds up his newly issued Irish passport alongside his British passport outside the High Court in Belfast following a judges dismissal of the UK's first legal challenges to Brexit PA wire

8/26 SDLP leader Colum Eastwood leaving the High Court in Belfast following a judges dismissal of the UK's first legal challenges to Brexit PA wire

9/26 Migrants with luggage walk past a graffiti on a wall as they leave the 'Jungle' migrant camp, as part of a major three-day operation planned to clear the camp in Calais Getty

10/26 Migrants leave messages on their tents in the Jungle migrant camp Getty

11/26 The Adventist Development and Relief Agency (Adra) which distributes approximately 700 meals daily in the northern Paris camp states that it is noticing a spike in new migrant arrivals this week, potentially linked the the Calais 'jungle' camp closure - with around 1000 meals distributed today EPA

12/26 Migrant workers pick apples at Stocks Farm in Suckley, Britain Reuters

13/26 Many farmers across the country are voicing concerns that Brexit could be a dangerous step into the unknown for the farming industry Getty

14/26 Bank of England governor Mark Carney who said the long-term outlook for the UK economy is positive, but growth was slowing in the wake of the Brexit vote PA

15/26 The Dow Jones industrial average closed down over 600 points on the news with markets around the globe pluninging Getty

16/26 Immigration officers deal with each member of the public seeking entry into the United Kingdom but on average, 10 a day are refused entry at this London airport and between 2008 and 2009, 33,100 people were detained at the airport for mainly passport irregularities Getty

17/26 A number of global investment giants have threatened to move their European operations out of London if Brexit proves to have a negative impact on their businesses Getty

18/26 Following the possibility of a Brexit the UK would be released from its renewable energy targets under the EU Renewable Energy Directive and from EU state aid restrictions, potentially giving the government more freedom both in the design and phasing out of renewable energy support regimes Getty

19/26 A woman looking at a chart showing the drop in the pound (Sterling) against the US Dollar in London after Britain voted to leave the EU Getty

20/26 Young protesters outside the Houses of Parliament in Westminster, to protest against the United Kingdom's decision to leave the EU following the referendum Getty

21/26 Applications from Northern Ireland citizens for Irish Passports has soared to a record high after the UK Voted in favour of Leaving the EU Getty

22/26 NFU Vice President Minette Batters with Secretary of State, Andrea Leadsome at the National Farmers Union (NFU) took machinery, produce, farmers and staff to Westminster to encourage Members of Parliament to back British farming, post Brexit Getty

23/26 The latest reports released by the UK Cabinet Office warn that expats would lose a range of specific rights to live, to work and to access pensions, healthcare and public services. The same reports added that UK citizens abroad would not be able to assume that these rights will be guaranteed in the future Getty

24/26 A British resident living in Spain asks questions during an informative Brexit talk by the "Brexpats in Spain" group, about Spanish legal issues to become Spanish citizens, at the town hall in Benalmadena, Spain Reuters

25/26 The collapse of Great Britain appears to have been greatly exaggerated given the late summer crowds visiting city museums, hotels, and other important tourist attractions Getty

26/26 The U.K. should maintain European Union regulations covering everything from working hours to chemicals until after the government sets out its plans for Brexit, said British manufacturers anxious to avoid a policy vacuum and safeguard access to their biggest export market Getty

“While Liam Fox sits about in airport departure lounges of some of the world's sunniest spots businesses back here in the UK are now seeing a Brexit squeeze which is impacting on our economy.

“This government have no plan, no idea and no clue and this report is the latest evidence. Never has a minister risen so far and been more useless.”


~_~


"Already, I’m informed by very well informed guys and girls who are working on the area, and in the area at the moment, that there’s potentially up to a million migrants already, if not more in the pipeline coming up from Central Africa and the Horn of Africa."

Joseph Walker-Cousins, senior fellow at the Institute for Statecraft and former head of the British Embassy Office in Benghazi, speaking to the House of Lords EU External Affairs Sub-Committee on March 30, 2017.

Hard evidence on irregular migration in North Africa is a much sought after commodity; unfortunately, it is also highly unreliable. In its December 2016 assessment of the situation in Libya, the International Organisation for Migration estimated (IOM) that 425,000 internally displaced persons were resident in Libya and that “hundreds of thousands” were displaced into neighbouring countries.

Experienced researchers tend to be sceptical of official statistics on migrants for good reasons. North Africa is both a destination and a transit region for sub-Saharan migrants. It is also extremely difficult to count migrants because migration tends to be clandestine, with people moving through politically unstable regions.

Further problems with official reports and comments such as those by Joseph Walker-Cousins are that they tend to focus on Libya (and fail to look at the wider regional picture). Findings are based on indirect evidence – information from informants, detentions, returns, and arrivals in Europe – not primary research that employs sound methodologies, as fieldwork in Libya is not possible.

Unfortunately, the most likely and most effective barrier to migration – barring an effective policy response from other countries in the region – is death and detention. Thousands of migrants have died transiting the Sahara and tens of thousands are “detained” in North Africa.

While the IOM has been able to access some of the detention facilities in Libya, it has not reported on the number of people detained nor their legal status. While European development agencies are beginning to engage with trans-Saharan migration, very little hard data has emerged from their efforts other than an acknowledgement that conflict and drought in northern Nigeria, Mali, Sudan and the Horn of Africa is pushing people northwards across the Sahara.

Verdict: Are there really a million migrants ready to come?

We simply do not know how many migrants are “in the pipeline”. Nor have regional governments or the European Union agreed a viable strategy for dealing with the underlying processes driving this movement, as opposed to stopping migrants from reaching Europe. We do know two important facts. First, and as noted in the 2016 IOM study, not all sub-Saharan migrants intend to come to Europe. Second, without an accurate assessment of the situation and serious policy dialogue with transit countries, no resolution to this issue is possible.

Review, by Nando Sigona, deputy director of the Institute for Research into Superdiversity, University of Birmingham

I agree with the verdict. The story that a million African migrants are ready or in “the pipeline” to reach Europe from Libya is nothing new and Joseph Walker-Cousins’s claim has previously been aired by other variously informed people. It resurfaces periodically in the media (2015, 2016, 2017), but repetition is no proof of validity; rather it is an example of how charts and figures play a significant role in how we understand and debate the so-called refugee crisis.

On the one hand, it encapsulates the power of numbers in firing up public and political debate and sustaining the “crisis mood” that pervades policy responses to boat migration. On the other, it shows the lack of scientific rigour and yet resilience that often characterises the numbers of the “crisis” that circulate so widely in the global media and among policy makers – impermeable to attempts being made to show how baseless they are.

This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.


~_~


SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 2, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. NOVAK DJOKOVIC AT PRESS CONFERENCE 2. (SOUNDBITE) (English) NOVAK DJOKOVIC, TALKING ABOUT PLAYING AND WINNING AT EASTBOURNE LAST WEEK, SAYING: "Yes it seems to be right now from this perspective, a good decision to have played Eastbourne. Obviously, I was not playing too many of the events in the week prior to the beginning of the grand slam in my career, but I have decided to do so this time because I felt like I needed more matches in general but especially on the grass that is a very unique surface that requires time for adaptation and adjustment, especially for the movement so, I felt like this time I needed a proper tournament rather than just playing a couple of exhibition matches so. "I'm glad I've made that decision and that I went to Eastbourne because it was a very positive experience, on and off the court as well. People were very kind, it was a great week with a lot of good positive energy and a lot of time spent on the practice courts, four quality matches, and just overall very happy with the way it went and where my form is at." 3. (SOUNDBITE) (English) NOVAK DJOKOVIC, TALKING ABOUT MARIO ANCIC WHO IS BECOMING PART OF HIS COACHING TEAM, SAYING: "You know, we spoke and he said he was anyway coming to London and that he would be happy to spend some time with Andre (Agassi) and myself during Wimbledon, and that's more or less everything thing we talked about. In terms of what comes after that, we'll see. We'll take a day at a time to see how everything flows during this tournament and then see where that takes us." STORY: Novak Djokovic said on Sunday (July 2) rediscovering the winning feeling on Saturday (July 1) when he scored his first tournament success since January had provided the perfect preparation for the Wimbledon Championships. The Serbian broke his normal pre-Wimbledon practice regime to accept a wild card at the Aegon International event in Eastbourne, where he claimed his 68th tour title by beating Gael Monfils 6-3 6-4. It was his first tournament win since January and has left the world number four confident of mounting a challenge at Wimbledon, where he has been drawn against Slovakia's Martin Klizan in the first round. "A lot of time spent on the practice courts, four quality matches. Just overall very happy with the way it went, and where my form is," said Djokovic who did not drop a set in winning at Eastbourne. The three-times Wimbledon champion has faced an unexpectedly rocky few months, losing his number one ranking to Andy Murray and failing to make a mark at either the Australian or French Open. That poor form led him to bring in eight-times grand slam champion Andre Agassi as coach ahead of the French Open, where he lost to Austria's Dominic Thiem in the quarter-finals, a defeat that meant he dropped out of the world's top two for the first time since 2011. Djokovic, who last won Wimbledon in 2015, has made another personnel change for the grasscourt event which starts on Monday (July 3), adding his friend and former player Mario Ancic to his coaching team alongside Agassi. "He (Ancic) said he was anyway coming to London. He would be happy to spend some time with Andre and myself during Wimbledon," said Djokovic, who added that he did not know how permanent the arrangement would be. The 12-times Grand Slam winner has not won one of tennis's glittering prizes since the 2016 French Open, leading to speculation that he has lost the desire to compete at the highest level.


~_~


Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.


~_~


The Reddit user whose gif was appropriated by Donald Trump in the president’s infamous CNN-wrestling video has apologized for creating the image – and for making a series of racist, antisemitic and Islamophobic posts.

HanAssholeSolo, who claimed to have created the gif that inspired Trump to post a video of him wrestling a man with a CNN logo superimposed on his head, said he was “trolling” when he used a series of racial slurs on Reddit, and said his gif had been “satire” that was not meant to call for violence against journalists. HanAssholeSolo’s apology came after CNN reportedly identified him.

Reddit user who took credit for Trump's CNN tweet has history of racist posts Read more

The Reddit user had faced criticism after it emerged he had repeatedly used racial slurs and posted antisemitic images to the site. In one post, HanAssholeSolo called for another commenter to “keep up the good work until the last Islamic piece of shit is wiped from the planet”.

Trump is yet to apologize for sharing the video; it is unclear how the president discovered HanAssholeSolo’s post. The White House did not respond to requests for comment on Monday, but the revelations about HanAssholeSolo’s past added to questions about the president’s internet use and sourcing.

In July 2016, Trump tweeted an antisemitic image attacking Hillary Clinton. It was later reported that the image had been taken from an internet message board used by white supremacists.

HanAssholeSolo issued his apology in a lengthy post to Reddit on Tuesday.

“First of all, I would like to apologize to the members of the Reddit community for getting this site and this sub embroiled in a controversy that should never have happened,” he wrote.

“I would also like to apologize for the posts made that were racist, bigoted, and antisemitic. I am in no way this kind of person, I love and accept people of all walks of life and have done so for my entire life.

“I am not the person that the media portrays me to be in real life, I was trolling and posting things to get a reaction from the subs on reddit and never meant any of the hateful things I said in those posts. I would never support any kind of violence or actions against others simply for what they believe in, their religion, or the lifestyle they choose to have.

“Nor would I carry out any violence against anyone based upon that or support anyone who did.”

The post has since been removed from Reddit, and HanAssholeSolo has deleted his account. In the apology he said he did not “advocate violence against the press” and that the meme “was created purely as satire”.

“I had no idea anyone would take it and put sound to it and then have it put up on the president’s Twitter feed.

“It was a prank, nothing more. What the president’s feed showed was not the original post that was posted here, but loaded up somewhere else and sound added to it then sent out on Twitter. I thought it was the original post that was made and that is why I took credit for it.

“I have the highest respect for the journalist community and they put their lives on the line every day with the jobs that they do in reporting the news.”

On Monday, CNN said it had identified the man behind the HanAssholeSolo account. The news organization said it was not publishing his name “because he is a private citizen who has issued an extensive statement of apology, showed his remorse by saying he has taken down all his offending posts, and because he said he is not going to repeat this ugly behavior on social media again”.

CNN said it “reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change”.


~_~





~_~


Walters is likely to join four other Ireland team-mates at Burnley CHARLES MCQUILLAN/GETTY IMAGES

Burnley have had a bid of £3 million for Jon Walters accepted by Stoke City, with the Ireland forward due to undergo a medical with the Premier League club today.

As a result, Walters will become the fifth Ireland international, along with Kevin Long, Stephen Ward, Jeff Hendrick and Robbie Brady on the Lancashire club’s books. Walters scored 62 goals in 271 appearances during his seven years with Stoke, but is one of two Ireland internationals due to leave the club this week, as Aston Villa are in talks with Glenn Whelan.

The Championship side had a £500,000 bid for Whelan rejected last month but Steve Bruce, the Aston Villa manager, is hopeful of securing a deal. “I think we need to have a bit…


~_~


Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.


~_~


A sharp drop in oil prices dragged the energy sector lower. That kept the Dow and S&P 500 near the unchanged mark. But gains in technology stocks lifted the Nasdaq. Crude prices fell hurt by a stronger dollar and concerns about rising OPEC exports. Shares of Exxon and Chevron went along for the ride. Keith Bliss of Cuttone. (SOUNDBITE) KEITH BLISS, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, DIRECTOR OF SALES AND MARKETING, CUTTONE & CO. LLC, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "I just see no way, especially given the amount to production coming out of North America, the amount of export coming out of North America, particularly the United States. I just no way that crude oil, either on the West Texas Intermediate or the Brent Crude levels, will break out above the $45 to $55 range. And therefore that's gonna keep energy stocks locked in." New orders for U.S.-made goods fell more than expected in May. But capital equipment orders were slightly stronger, suggesting the manufacturing sector is growing. Minutes from the Fed's meeting in June showed policymakers were split on the outlook for inflation, and how it will affect the future pace of rate increases. On the trading floor... Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Micron, and Nvidia were among the best performers in the tech sector. On the flipside... U.S. credit card processor Vantiv agreed to buy Britain's Worldpay for $10 billion. Both stocks tanked. O'Reilly Automotive plunged after reporting disappointing sales. In Europe, stocks ended the day higher.


~_~


We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.

Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.

Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.

Thank you for your support.


~_~


Girls as young as nine are opting to have surgery on their private parts because of body insecurities that stem from social media and pornography, doctors have revealed.

Naomi Crouch, a leading adolescent gynaecologist, told the BBC about the worrying trend and admitted that she is concerned GPs are referring young girls for unneeded labiaplasty - an operation where the lips of the vagina are shortened or reshaped.

As of yet, the doctor says she is yet to see a young girl who needs the operation.

“Girls will sometimes come out with comments like, 'I just hate it, I just want it removed,' and for a girl to feel that way about any part of her body - especially a part that's intimate - is very upsetting.“

Paquita de Zulueta, a GP for more than 30 years, agreed with Crouch’s concerns, adding that it is only in the past few years young women have been started seeing her with concerns about the way their vagina’s look.

“I'm seeing young girls around 11, 12, 13 thinking there's something wrong with their vulva - that they're the wrong shape, the wrong size, and really expressing almost disgust,” De Zulueta said.

She also added that the rise is the fault of pornography and social media and that, in her opinion, labiaplasty should only be performed on girls who have a medical abnormality.

Popular? You nose it: Duchess of Cambridge’s nose is the most requested plastic surgery procedure







+ show all Popular? You nose it: Duchess of Cambridge’s nose is the most requested plastic surgery procedure













1/8 Kate's nose was the most requested surgery this year Reuters

2/8 Myleene Klass's chin has often been requested too Getty Images

3/8 Women have been desperate to possess dimples like Cheryl Cole's Getty Images

4/8 Nicole Scherzinger: Her pout is one of the most requested surgeries Getty Images

5/8 Robert Pattinson's jaw line is the most requested surgery for men Getty Images

6/8 Men have been requesting Ryan Gosling's lips Getty Images

7/8 Ashton Kutcher's chiseled cheeks have been highly requested by men wanting surgery this year AP

8/8 Who knew? Jude Law's nose has been in high demand for men wanting surgery Getty Images

“There isn't enough education and it should start really quite young, explaining that there is a range and that - just as we all look different in our faces - we all look different down there, and that's OK.”

In 2015-16, more than 200 girls under 18 had labiaplasty on the NHS, with more than 150 of the girls aged under 15.

“I find it very hard to believe there are 150 girls with a medical abnormality which means they needed an operation on their labia,” the doctor said.

The industry has been readily criticised for normalising the procedure, however, some surgeons say that it’s “insulting” to assume that most women have surgery for cosmetic reasons alone.

“The women have significant discomfort with recurrent infections and irritation because of their enlarged labia,” Christopher Inglefield, a plastic and cosmetic surgeon at the London Bridge clinic, told The Independent.

“The most extreme case I dealt with was a girl in her late teens whose labia grew abnormally large to the point that she was being teased and told she looked like a boy.

“She was very traumatised and we had to get approval from the hospital psychologist to go ahead with the surgery.”

Inglefield added that he did not know how she dealt with the discomfort she would have endured for years.


~_~


ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday (July 6) to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May. He also said Washington was thinking about "severe things" in response to North Korea's test-launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile with the potential to reach Alaska. The White House had said Trump would use the stopover in Warsaw to showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which he once called "obsolete", bemoaning allies' repeated failure to spend the recommended 2 percent of GDP on defence.


~_~


Porsche surprised fans at the E3 games show yesterday by taking the wraps of its radical 911 GT2 RS during a demonstration of the upcoming Forza Motorsport 7 racing game.



The car is "the most aggressive expression of Porsche's legendary design", said Dan Greenawalt, head of Forza developer Turn10 Studios, and "features the most powerful road-going 911 engine ever made".



AutoExpress says the hardcore coupe has "motorsport-inspired styling and aerodynamics such as the large bonnet vents and splitter".



There's also a "huge rear wing" and large air ducts on either side to cool the rear-mounted turbocharged flat-six engine.



No performance specs were announced at the unveiling, but AutoExpress says Porsche engineers have issued a "conservative" power output estimate of 621bhp and 553lb-ft of torque.



Official figures "should be greater", adds the mag, with an expected zero to 62mph time of 2.9secs.



The GT2 RS will also adopt several chassis upgrades from the GT3, says Autocar, including "rear-axle steering" and torque vectoring, which brakes wheels individually to optimise cornering grip.



It could also be "just months away from launch", adds the site, as it appeared in production form.



The GT2 RS is Porsche's halo version of the 911 series, with the carmaker only releasing new versions of the coupe every five to ten years.



The last GT2 RS, which at the time Evo called "comedy fast" and "a challenge for drivers", appeared in 2010 and cost £164,000. The mag says the new version is expected to be priced slightly higher.


~_~


A major ransomware cyber attack has struck computers around the world, with hackers demanding $300 (£234) be paid to an anonymous Bitcoin account to decrypt users' data.

Computers in Ukraine and Russia, including the country's biggest oil company, were hit first, before the attack spread to the UK, Netherlands, France, Norway, Spain and Romania.

Chernobyl's nuclear power plant "also had to monitor radiation levels manually after its Windows-based sensors were shut down", the BBC reports.

"Online records showed that 30 victims had paid the ransom," says the New York Times. However, "other victims may be out of luck, after Posteo, the German email service provider, shut down the hackers' email account".

Cyber security experts say the ransomware appears to exploit the same vulnerability in Microsoft Windows as a previous attack which crippled the NHS in May.

"It included code known as 'Eternal Blue,' which cyber security experts widely believe was stolen from the US National Security Agency (NSA) and was also used in last month's ransomware attack, named 'WannaCry'," Reuters says.

Bill Wright, senior policy counsel for cyber security firm Symantec, said the nature of the ransomware made it difficult to fight.

"Once you unleash something that propagates in this manner, it's impossible to control," he said.


~_~


Oil's longest rally for five years came crashing to a halt yesterday, falling around four per cent in New York trading after it had surged for eight consecutive sessions and added around ten per cent from a recent low.

See related Will Brexit Britain endure an economic recession?

Brent crude, the international oil price benchmark, regained 0.8 per cent of those losses in early trading, but at $48.20 a barrel, was still more than $1.5 down on its level yesterday morning.

West Texas Intermediate, Brent's US counterpart, also pared losses, but remained down by a similar margin on its price level yesterday morning, at $45.50 a barrel.

It followed export data showing a big rise in shipments from Opec last month.

The 14-nation cartel has been the cornerstone of a deal to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day until March, which also includes major producers such as Russia.

Compliance with the deal is said to be very high, but the agreement only relates to underlying production and not exports and excludes Libya and Nigeria, two of Opec's big producers.

Because of this, shipments rose 450,000 barrels per day from the previous month and 1.9 million barrels year-on-year.

In addition, despite the cuts, oil inventories across the OECD group of advanced nations have held at near-record levels of above three billion barrels, Bank of America Merrill Lynch said.

To make matters worse, Russia has apparently ruled out deepening the production cuts, the solution most analysts have been calling for, says CNBC.

The only bright spot is rising demand in the US leading to a fall of 5.8 million barrels in its reserves last week, according to the American Petroleum Institute.

Reuters says this partly explains the modest oil price recovery this morning.

However, Jeff Kilburg, chief executive at KKM Financial asset manager, warned the oil price was "in no man's land as this tug of war of this rebalancing act continues to play out".

Oil price could return to $60 this year, says analyst

5 July

The oil price this morning took a break from its recent rally, the longest for five years, but it is predicted to continue a steady upward move in the months ahead.

Brent crude, the international oil price benchmark, was down 0.7 per cent to a shade below $49.30 as traders banked profits. It had been below $45 a barrel in the past two weeks but reached close to $50 yesterday after an eight-day rally.

UBS commodity analyst Giovanni Staunovo told MarketWatch trading will rise more than 20 per cent over the course of the second half of the year to reach $60 a barrel. It hasn't reached that level for more than two years.

"Obviously, at the moment, that looks far away. But, for me, the market has become too negative," he said.

Staunovo's optimistic forecast is based on supply restraint - Opec and other global producers are pledged to cut 1.8 million barrels per day from output until March, leading to a shortfall relative to rising demand.

There had been doubts demand would rise sufficiently to exceed global supply, but a report from the International Energy Agency suggests this was marginally the case in the second quarter of this year.

Whether this will remain the case will depend on output from the likes of the US continuing to grow, which is arguably made more likely by rising prices making shale oil drilling more profitable.

Figures last week showed the first decline in the US drilling rig count for six months. Experts will be watching to see if this becomes a trend.

Jacques Rousseau, managing director at Clearview Energy Partners, told CNBC: "What that means is this is Opec's big chance. As long as they can keep oil supply relatively constant, this higher demand is going to draw down inventories."

Low oil price makes North Sea a drain for first time

3 July

A depressed oil price is taking a toll on the UK public finances and has rendered the North Sea offshore oil and gas sector unprofitable for the country for the first time in its history.

The industry received a net £312m in tax rebates for the financial year to the end of March, according to official data. As recently as 2011/2012, it had contributed £10.9bn to the Treasury in tax.

"Figures published a year ago had suggested that tax revenues dipped into the red in 2015/2016," says The Times, "but HMRC has since revised its estimates, making 2016/2017 the first year of negative revenue."

The figures are a blow to the government, which based its economic projections on Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts predicting a net tax-take of £100m last year.

Since peaking in 2011/2012, tax revenues from oil and gas have been in decline as a result of ongoing decommissioning and cleaning up of old oil fields, for which rebates of up to 50 per cent are offered.

The decline accelerated rapidly in late 2014, when oil prices more than halved from well above $100 a barrel. They have not recovered since, despite picking up markedly late last year following a deal to cut production by Opec and other major suppliers including Russia.

Prices last week saw their first gain for six weeks in what has now become an eight-session rally - the longest for five years - on the back of a modest decline in US output. Nevertheless, trading is down 14 per cent for this year.

Brent crude, the international benchmark, was up 0.8 per cent earlier today to $49.20 a barrel after falling as low as $45 in the past two weeks. Its US counterpart West Texas Intermediate was up one per cent at $46.50.

Gains are tempered by worries over global supplies, especially as oil output from Opec unexpectedly rose by 280,000 barrels in June, says Reuters.

"To put that in context, that is nearly a quarter of the 1.2 million barrels [per day] Opec agreed to cut," said Greg McKenna, chief market strategist at AxiTrader.

Oil price slowly recovers from ten-month low

29 June

Oil is continuing to endure volatile trading amid conflicting trends and data on global supply.

Both the main benchmarks have risen for six consecutive trading sessions, marking the longest bull run since April, says Reuters.

Brent crude was up 0.8 per cent for the day at $47.69 a barrel, having earlier hit a peak of around $48.20. Last week, it fell significantly below $45.

Its US counterpart, West Texas Intermediate, was up by around 0.8 per cent at $45.10.

Last week, the oil price crashed to a ten-month low and into official "bear market" territory, prompting analysts to warn trying to time the bottom of the market was like trying to "catch a falling knife".

Triggering the latest rise was yesterday's news from the US regulator the Energy Information Administration that crude stocks rose by 100,000 barrels last week.

More crucially, the report revealed that after months of consecutive increases, US domestic oil production declined by around 100,000 barrels.

Prices have been dragged down by rising shale oil production in the country, coupled with a general supply overhang around the world following a two-year output glut.

Even the extension of cuts from Opec, Russia and other oil-producing nations has failed to calm nerves and statistical evidence suggests it has done little to reduce actual oil exports.

Analysts at Commerzbank told Reuters production outages due to Tropical Storm Cindy in the Gulf of Mexico and maintenance in Alaska were responsible for last week's production dip in the US.

"It is thus doubtful whether (the) price rise will really prove lasting," they said.

Goldman Sachs also kept a bearish stance, saying today it has downgraded its forecast for the oil price in the months ahead.

It said: "We expect this will leave prices trading near $45 until there is evidence of a decline in the U.S. horizontal oil rig count, sustained stock draws or additional OPEC production cuts."

Oil price nears seven-month low despite big US reserves drop

22 June

The oil price is hovering near seven-month lows and remains close to being in a "bear market", despite a big fall in reported US oil reserves.

Brent crude, the international oil price benchmark, fell below $46 a barrel yesterday after peaking earlier this year at $56 a barrel. Earlier today, it hit an intraday low below $45, marking a peak-to-trough fall of more than 20 per cent to meet the definition of a bear market.

See related Will Brexit Britain endure an economic recession?

It rallied a little this afternoon and at the time of writing was at $45.35.

Its US counterpart, West Texas Intermediate, has fallen from a low earlier this year above $54 a barrel and it was at the time of writing trading below $43.

Yesterday afternoon, the Energy Information Administration, the US regulator, reported the country's stockpile of crude oil fell last week, its tenth decline in the past 11 weeks. It dropped 2.5 million barrels, says Reuters, above analysts' expectations of 2.1 million.

However, US reserves data is no longer moving the market. Morgan Stanley says global inventories across the OECD, China and various other countries rose by a million barrels in the first quarter.

Moreover, despite pledges from the likes of Opec and Russia to cut out by 1.8 million barrels a day until next March, production is rising in the US as well as some Opec countries exempt from the agreement.

"Nigeria's crude oil exports are set to exceed 2 million barrels per day in August, the highest level planned for 17 months," says Reuters.

Michael Burns, oil and gas partner at law firm Ashurst, said: "This is a pretty concerning time for a lot of producers.

"The question is whether Opec will respond with further cuts or whether it needs to look again at its macro strategy for addressing low prices."

Oil price is 'like a falling knife right now'

21 June

Oil prices fell back into "bear market" territory yesterday and have failed to respond meaningfully to further evidence that US oil reserves are in steady decline.

Traders are reticent to buy back into the commodity when it is "like catching a falling knife", Amrita Sen, of Energy Aspect, told CNBC.

It is a phrase used by traders and experts to refer to situations when a market is in sharp decline and it has become hard to recognise when it has hit a floor, meaning a move to buy back in is likely to result in further pain and losses.

Sen added: "I genuinely haven't seen sentiment this bad ever."

Oil had actually risen markedly after producers including Opec and Russia announced a deal to cut 1.8 million barrels a day from global supplies last November.

International oil price benchmark Brent crude hit a high of more than $56 barrel this year, but yesterday fell to a seven-month low below $46.

Its US counterpart West Texas Intermediate was yesterday at around $43.25 after touching $54.45 this year, says USA Today. That's a peak-to-trough drop of more than 20 per cent, marking a fall into bear market territory.

Trading is being hit by a massive supply overhang and evidence that global supplies still exceed demand, keeping prices under pressure.

While private sector data published yesterday showed US crude reserves fell by 2.7 million barrels last year - which, if confirmed by US regulatory figures today, would mark the tenth fall in 11 weeks - the oil price is unmoved.

In addition, while the Opec deal has been extended, Nigeria and Libya, both exempt from the deal, are increasing production and exports have fallen less than headline output cuts suggest.

US shale oil output is also rising, with new drilling wells rising for 22 consecutive weeks.

"The future might be bright for oil prices but the present is not," said Tamas Varga at London-based broker PVM.

US oil price 'most definitely' heading to $40 a barrel

20 June

The oil price has taken another negative turn, plunging to its lowest level in seven months on signs the market remains in the grip of a global supply glut.

US benchmark West Texas Intermediate was 2.8 per cent down at less than $43 a barrel at time of writing. Brent crude, the international oil price benchmark, was down 2.6 per cent at $45.70 a barrel.

Forecasts for the future are also dire. John Kilduff, founding partner at energy hedge fund Again Capital, told CNBC that oil was "most definitely" heading to $40 a barrel in the near future and will likely dip into the upper $30s.

The story is not much changed from late last week, when prices dropped sharply: traders are responding to news of rising output from key producers and signs of global oil reserves continuing to grow.

Specifically today came the news that production will be up more than 110,000 barrels per day by August in Nigeria and Libya, both of which are exempt from Opec supply cuts.

Exports from Iraq are also said to be increasing, while shipments in general across Opec are thought to have fallen only marginally, despite the 1.8 million barrels per day of cuts that will continue until next March.

Since that reductions deal was renewed in May, the oil price has fallen 15 per cent.

In addition, output is continuing to rise in the US - last Friday, an increase in active shale oil wells was reported for the 22nd consecutive week, says Business Insider.

Morgan Stanley has cited figures that show crude oil inventories rose across the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), China and selected other non-OECD countries by about a million barrels in the first quarter of this year.

"Now we're in the process of the market playing chicken with Opec and non-Opec," Kilduff added. The producers are "going to have to react again in a significant way to get the price to stabilise and go back up."


~_~


Keep it in the ground



Join us in urging the world’s two biggest charitable funds to move their money out of fossil fuels

To Bill and Melinda Gates, founders of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation; Jeremy Farrar and Sir William Castell, director and chair of the Wellcome Trust:

Your organisations have made a huge contribution to human progress and equality by supporting scientific research and development projects. Yet your investments in fossil fuels are putting this progress at great risk, by undermining your long term ambitions.

Climate change poses a real threat to all of us, and it is morally and financially misguided to invest in companies dedicated to finding and burning more oil, gas and coal. Many philanthropic organisations are divesting their endowments from fossil fuels. We ask you to do the same: to commit now to divesting from the top 200 fossil fuel companies within five years and to immediately freeze any new investments in those companies.

The argument for a campaign to divest from the world’s most polluting companies is becoming an overwhelming one, on both moral and financial grounds. As Archbishop Desmond Tutu puts it: “People of conscience need to break their ties with corporations financing the injustice of climate change”.

Note from Alan Rusbridger, editor-in-chief

Divestment serves to delegitimise the business models of companies that are using investors’ money to search for yet more coal, oil and gas that can’t safely be burned. It is a small but crucial step in the economic transition away from a global economy run on fossil fuels.

The usual rule of newspaper campaigns is that you don’t start one unless you know you’re going to win it. This one will almost certainly be won in time: the physics is unarguable. But we are launching our campaign today in the firm belief that it will force the issue now into the boardrooms and inboxes of people who have billions of dollars at their disposal.

What they say

We’re not going to be able to burn it all”

Barack Obama

Frequently asked questions

What is fossil fuel divestment?

Divestment is the opposite of investment – it is the removal of your investment capital from stocks, bonds or funds. The global movement for fossil fuel divestment (sometimes also called disinvestment) is asking institutions to move their money out of oil, coal and gas companies for both moral and financial reasons. These institutions include universities, religious institutions, pension funds, local authorities and charitable foundations.

Evidence shows that proven fossil fuel reserves are more than three times higher than we can afford to burn in order to stay below the generally agreed threshold for dangerous climate change. Fossil fuel companies are currently banking on extracting these reserves and selling them – and are actively prospecting for more. By supporting these companies, investors not only continue to fund unsustainable business models that are bound to make climate change worse, but they also risk their financial assets becoming worthless if international agreements on climate change are met.


~_~


The White House and a pair of influential conservative advocacy groups have endorsed a proposal by Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) that would allow health insurers to offer cheaper, less-comprehensive plans as long as they also offered at least one plan that includes the essential consumer protections required by the Affordable Care Act. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has sent Cruz's proposal to the Congressional Budget Office for cost-benefit analysis.

Wednesday's endorsement of the Cruz amendment by the leaders of FreedomWorks and the Club for Growth "is significant: Without at least a neutral stance from conservative groups, it could be impossible for McConnell to find the 50 votes needed to pass a repeal this month," Politico reports. "But what the right is asking for may not be able to pass the Senate." The proposal may well violate budget rules that McConnell is using to push through his bill with 51 votes, and more centrist senators and outside insurance experts are concerned that it would essentially price people with pre-existing conditions and other high medical needs out of the insurance market.

"People who have higher health-care needs and need more comprehensive coverage would choose ACA-compliant plans," said Cori Uccello at the American Academy of Actuaries. "People who are healthy now would tend to choose noncompliant plans with really basic benefits. People who want or need more comprehensive coverage could find it out of their reach, because it might become unaffordable." Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), who was frequently thanked during July 4 festivities for helping at least slow down the bill, agreed that the Cruz language "would lead to adverse selection in the marketplace," adding: "It would also vitiate the important consumer protection of having a prohibition against annual and lifetime caps" on benefits.

Cruz and his allies argue that the amendment would lower premiums and allow individual consumers to essentially opt out of ObamaCare, but touching the pre-existing condition language may be a deal-breaker for other Republicans. "Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee is speaking against it in caucus lunches and Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska, a staunch conservative, also vocally opposes Lee and Cruz's idea," Politico says. "Many senators believe that the House made a critical error by allowing states to opt out of pre-existing condition protections and are determined not to touch that part of ObamaCare." A Senate vote could come as early as next week. Peter Weber


~_~


For those of us who still lament the passing from our television screens of National Lottery psychic Mystic Meg, Theresa May’s super-extended tightrope walk over the issue of the public sector pay cap provides welcome nostalgia.

Teachers, nurses, doctors, paramedics and the rest. They know they’re not really going to get a pay rise, but what’s wrong with a little escapism of a Wednesday lunchtime? For more than a week, government ministers have oscillated between the many layered mysteries of the pay cap being “under active discussion” yet "remaining in place", of balancing "fairness to public sector workers with fairness to those who pay for them".

At Prime Minister’s Questions, Mystic May even came dressed as the part, almost. The dark jacket spreading open from the waist. If only its deep green velvet collar had been risen a foot behind her bobbed haircut like a witch’s cape, a crystal ball on the despatch box, the look would have been complete.

Firefighters, she explained, had just awarded themselves a whopping 2 per cent pay increase, five numbers plus the bonus ball. Now, further pay review bodies are set to report in the coming weeks: “Teachers, prison officers, police officers, senior executives, could be lucky toooooo.”

They won’t be, of course. Not unless Philip Hammond decides that balancing the public books is suddenly no big deal. That as the Brexit negotiations enter their most meaningful phase, there is suddenly extra public cash to splash around. That seems unlikely.

For the entirety of the Prime Minister’s exchanges with Jeremy Corbyn, no other subject was raised.

The Labour leader remains a man renewed, and he had what might have been his most devastating PMQs attack line yet.

“The Prime Minister found £1bn to keep her own job,” he asked. “Why can’t she find the same amount of money to keep nurses and teachers in their job, who after all, serve more than us?”

Rhetorically fine and, even, almost mathematically sound. In recent years, when Jeremy Hunt has vetoed even a 1 per cent pay rise for nurses, he likes to make the point that to do so would cost £500m. So Theresa May’s £1.5bn and counting deal with the DUP, even on Mr Hunt’s maths, could cover a 3 per cent pay rise for nurses.

That’s not a good look. Theresa May had her comebacks, of course. Unfortunately they are as tired and as impotent as she is.

“Labour’s way means more taxes, fewer jobs, and everyone pays the price of Labour!” she thundered, much to the thrilled admiration of her new band of brayers. Stephen Kerr in particular, the new Conservative member for Stirling and former Area Leader in the Church of Latter Day Saints, appeared almost to be speaking in tongues.

She carried on: “Waiting to put up taxes, waiting to destroy jobs, waiting to bankrupt our country. We will never let it happen!”

These lines worked upon a time. But when you’re leading a party who, having stretched their own private neuroses on to the nation at large, and in so doing have taken the economy from the best performing in the G7 to the worst in just 12 months. Well, you’re living on borrowed time, aren’t you?


~_~


North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.


~_~


With a dramatically beautiful Old Town and stylishly modern New Town, it’s little wonder Edinburgh is enticing increasing numbers of visitors each year. In 2010 the city attracted 3.27 million tourists – by 2015 that figure had grown to 3.85 million. Steeped in history amid a dramatic hillscape with the coast just a few miles away, Scotland’s capital is walkable yet densely packed with things to see and do, from medieval buildings to farm-to-table dining. Here are 10 of the best ways to check out everything Edinburgh has to offer.

Taste some whisky

Scotland is famous for many things, but above all its production of the amber nectar. Pop into any of Edinburgh’s many drinking establishments and you’ll find a staggering number of quality whiskies to quaff (Jack Daniels is a dirty word here) and for much cheaper than you’d find in London. Think £3 to £5 per dram, even for premium brands. To learn more about the origins of whisky and how it’s made, plus do a tasting while seeing one of the world’s biggest whisky collections, visit the Scotch Whisky Experience (scotchwhiskyexperience.co.uk). This genuinely enjoyable interactive attraction costs from £15, which includes a crystal tasting glass.

Trying whisky is a must while in Edinburgh ( Getty Images/ iStockphoto )

Night at the museum

The National Museum of Scotland (nms.ac.uk) has an eclectic collection of remarkable treasures from around the world. From dinosaurs to design, the museum boasts hundreds of objects spanning thousands of years and originating from countries across the globe. If heading there this summer, kick your visit up a notch with the Museum After Hours: Friday Fringe Takeover sessions. Each Friday night in August, the museum will open its doors from 7.30-10.30pm, featuring handpicked performances from the Fringe taking place in various spaces. The £18 admission fee also includes entry to the museum's Bonnie Prince Charlie and the Jacobites exhibition.

Pick a season

Captivating at any time, Edinburgh is especially winsome in summer and winter. Summer brings with it the world-famous Fringe Festival (edfringe.com), with performances ranging from the mainstream to the far out. This year marks the 70th anniversary of the fringe – it’s now the single biggest celebration of arts and culture in the world. It runs from 4 to 28 August 2017.

Alternatively, choose to stay around Christmas and there’s a whole host of delights that await. During the festive season a huge German market rolls into town next to Princes Street, serving up gluhwein and crafts aplenty, while George Street plays host to the Street of Light, a free event featuring over 60,000 lights that flash in time to live music. Post-25 December the fun really begins with Hogmanay. In Edinburgh, celebrations begin on 30 December with a torchlit procession, escalate on 31 December with a citywide street party complete with DJs, live bands and midnight fireworks, and wind down with the Loony Dook on New Year’s Day – a chance for insane people to don fancy dress and jump into the freezing River Forth.

This summer is the 70th anniversary of the Edinburgh Fringe ( Getty Images)

Climb Arthur’s Seat

It’s something of a rite of passage to scramble up to the highest point in Holyrood Park, known as Arthur’s Seat – it’s a short walk east of the city centre. Once at the very top (250m), visitors are rewarded with spectacular panoramic views across the city and out to the coast. It’s an energetic climb but well within the capabilities of most people (though trainers or hiking boots are recommended). There are various walking routes (geowalks.co.uk/iarthurwalks.html), with the red route being particularly fetching; it’s a circular walk from Holyrood Palace that takes around two hours to complete.

Drink at the Dome

The Dome (thedomeedinburgh.com) is an institution in Edinburgh’s New Town. Although it boasts various tea rooms and restaurants inside, the reason to go is the out-of-this-world Grill Room. The elaborate uplit domed ceiling and circular bar are legendary; tourists wander in to have a good rubber neck at the décor, buying a cocktail as something of an afterthought. Visit around Christmastime and the effect is a particularly outlandish brand of Dickensian meets Disney, with a gargantuan Christmas tree drenched head to toe in fairy lights, and gaudy, bauble-bedecked wreaths everywhere.

The Dome is a sight to behold at Christmas (The Dome)

Eat your fill

Edinburgh has no shortage of wonderful places to eat. Locals’ favourite The Outsider (theoutsiderrestaurant.com) is the perfect place to grab a spot of lunch. Booking is highly recommended for this popular eatery, where the food is ludicrously good value and the views of Edinburgh Castle through the floor to ceiling windows unbeatable. The hand written menu changes regularly, featuring dishes such as pan fried seabass fillet with crispy red pepper polenta, wasabi crushed peas and smoked paprika syrup; a snip at £6.90.

Come dinner-time head to Gardener’s Cottage (thegardenerscottage.co) – a bijoux, rustic restaurant housed in a charming 19th century building, where guests sit on communal wooden benches and eat whatever’s put in front of them by chefs Dale Mailley and Edward Murray. This is a tasting menu-only affair, where for a flat fee of £60 you are served up nine mouth-watering courses based on seasonal ingredients sourced locally.

Get back to nature

It seems a prerequisite for a city to have a botanical garden these days, but Edinburgh’s is a cut above. The Royal Botanic Garden (rbge.org.uk) was first set up in 1670 and boasts over 70 acres of landscaped grounds to explore. There’s a huge amount to see and do – the Scottish Heath Garden is a recreation of the Scottish highlands, the Rock Garden is home to over 5,000 alpine plants and the 165m-long Herbaceous Border is backed by a century-old beech hedge. There are daily tours of the garden, plus 28 glasshouses (the oldest of which was built in 1834) that are teeming with exotic plantlife. And from 29 July to 29 October 2017 a new art exhibition, Plant Scenery of the World, brings together established and emerging artists as part of the Edinburgh Art Festival. Entry to the garden is free, glasshouse admittance costs £6.50.

Climbing Arthur's Seat is a must for any Edinburgh itinerary ( Getty Images/ iStockphoto )

Art attack

Swing by the Scottish National Gallery (nationalgalleries.org) and the Royal Scottish Academy (royalscottishacademy.org), housed in neighbouring buildings by Waverley Station. The National Gallery is home to masterpieces by Botticelli, Raphael, Titian, Rembrandt, Vermeer, Constable, Turner, Monet, Van Gogh and Gauguin, while the adjoining Academy features a variety of temporary exhibitions. Free admission (although there is a fee for some exhibitions).

Walk the Royal Mile

Edinburgh’s famous Royal Mile refers to the collection of historic, iconic streets at the heart of the Old Town. Start at Holyrood Palace and meander your way along from east to west, taking in the Scottish Parliament building, Canongate Kirk and St Giles’ Cathedral. At the other end of the Royal Mile you’ll find the brooding form of Edinburgh Castle (edinburghcastle.gov.uk). Content yourself with taking some snaps in the large courtyard out front or stump up the £17 to go inside and explore the Great Hall and admire the Stone of Destiny and Scottish crown jewels in all their glory.

Brooding Edinburgh Castle lies at one end of the Royal Mile (Saffron Blaze via http://www.mackenzie.co)

Head underground

The Real Mary King’s Close (realmarykingsclose.com) is one of Edinburgh’s odder attractions, but provides a fascinating tour around the city’s warren of old alleyways, now underground. These 17th century tunnels used to be streets where people lived, but have since been completely built over, leaving them intact – just as they were hundreds of years ago. On a one-hour tour led by an actor who stays resolutely in character as a peasant from the 1600s throughout, visitors learn about Edinburgh’s rich and varied history, with a focus on the devastation wreaked by the Black Death. Adult tour costs £14.75.


~_~





~_~


North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.


~_~


Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.


~_~


Olly Mann joins The Week's Jonathan Harwood, Rebecca Gillie and Arion McNicoll to debate what matters from the past seven days.

You can subscribe to The Week Unwrapped on iTunes, SoundCloud or wherever you get your podcasts. It is produced by Matt Hill and the music is by Tom Mawby.


~_~


Elon Musk's SpaceX rocket company has launched its second Falcon 9 rocket in 48 hours, taking another step towards renewable space flight.

The craft was sent into orbit to put up ten Iridium satellites to improve mobile phone coverage.

It was fitted with a "more durable set of grid fins" to stabilise the rocket "as it descends back to Earth", reports ArsTechnica.

Previous fins had "caught fire due to atmospheric heating", adds the site. The new versions "are designed for multiple re-uses as SpaceX seeks to more toward rapid reuse of its first stage booster".

It's a significant development into frequent and reusable space flight. Musk said the updated Falcon 9 "should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service".

Incredibly proud of the SpaceX team for achieving this milehttp://www.gettyimages.co.uk/license/691967420stone in space! Next goal is reflight within 24 hours. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) 30 March 2017

The rocket launched on Sunday at the company's Vandenberg Air Force base in California, two days after a Falcon 9 last used in January went into orbit to deploy another batch of satellites, says TechCrunch.

Developing rockets that can be reused for multiple flights could reduce the cost of space travel by around 30 per cent, Gwynne Shotwell, president of SpaceX, told Wired.

The company sent its first used Falcon 9 into orbit in March, when the rocket successfully returned to orbit and landed on a floating platform in the Atlantic Ocean.

Previously, rockets could only be used on one mission as their booster jets and hulls would burn up on re-entry into the atmosphere.

One of the few exceptions was Nasa's space shuttle, although the BBC says "the complexities of servicing the shuttle system after every flight swamped any savings".

Musk's next milestone is to launch two rockets within 24 hours of each other.


~_~


Director of the Whitechapel Gallery for the past 15 years, Iwona Blazwick discovered Damien Hirst. As a young curator she gave him his first solo show at a public art gallery, the Institute of Contemporary Arts in St James's, in 1991.

Then as director of exhibitions and displays at the Tate in the late Nineties, she played a vital role in the development of Tate Modern.

Next month, Whitechapel Gallery is curating Art Night, a programme of architecture, art, dance, design and music at sites around east London.

WHERE I LIVE

I live off the Caledonian Road. Islington is up a hill, very urban, has elegant Georgian squares and big old Victorian houses.

It is close to the Heath and, for my husband, near the Arsenal stadium. It's like an enclave away from the city. There was one Islington councillor who stopped any building over three storeys high — he protected that whole area up from City Road to Holloway Road.

We have an 1890s Arts & Crafts house with marble fireplaces, wide stairwells and ceiling cornices.

MY DECOR

I am an inveterate collector but a curator's salary only takes you so far, so I collect editions and works on paper. Every two years I call on a roving band of technicians who hang all the museums and galleries in London.

They're all artists and musicians with an amazing eye and they conserve, frame and clean everything. They come to the house for two days and we re-hang everything.

Most people get blind to what they see on their walls, so it's a way of reinvigorating your environment. You can hang works that resonate with what is happening in the world. And we have converted our attic to a proper art store with cedar wood to keep the moths away.

It's my private heaven.

MOST COVETED OBJECT

I would love to own a Barbara Hepworth. I'm very proud that the Whitechapel gave Hepworth her first show in 1962.

I also really want a Green Light, right, by artist Olafur Eliasson. It's a sustainable LED lamp produced in a collaborative artistic workshop by refugees and visitors.

The lamps can be ordered from greenlightworkshop.org for a minimum donation of $250 (£221).

FAVOURITE GALLERY

Camden Arts Centre. Tony Fretton Architects did the renovation and it's beautifully done. You immediately feel you are leaving the city with the old Arts & Crafts entrance and then there's that beautiful terrazzo space with one of the best independent art bookshops in Britain.

It has a garden and a very nice café. The shows are always original, at a navigable scale, and it's risk-taking.

Christ Church Spitalfields from Commercial Street, E1 ( Alamy )

BEST ARCHITECTURE

Christ Church Spitalfields, of course. And I've just been to see Farshid Moussavi's shop for Victoria Beckham on Dover Street. It is absolutely beautiful… the are interested in graphics, in the book as a work of art, and combining art and language.

And I’ve just been to see Farshid Moussavi’s shop for Victoria Beckham on Dover Street. It is absolutely beautiful… the way she has made the ceiling and these screens with projections on them, it’s really exciting.

I thought, wow, good for her that she took a chance on a relatively young female architect. Big admiration.

FAVOURITE MAKERS

I love artists who work with communities to change their environments, especially in areas abandoned by politicians and developers.

Theaster Gates is an African-American artist who works with White Cube and he has devised what he calls The Soul Manufacturing Corporation, linking art, design and social engagement.

He trained a group of unemployed 16-year-olds, in one of the most deprived areas of Chicago, to recycle old buildings and transform furniture as new pieces. He gave an amazing talk at the V&A about it.

They produce bricks, ceramics, wood- and textile-based objects. And a parallel group is architecture collective Assemble (assemblestudio.co.uk) who work with local communities to regenerate derelict properties.

They are teaching people to have some control over their own destiny. They have just done a project with Transport for London, running ceramics workshops for people at Seven Sisters Tube.

In a digital age we have never been more interested in the tactility of making.

Pitfield Street near Hoxton Square Bookartbookshop is located onStreet nearSquare

SECRET SHOP

Bookartbookshop on Pitfield Street near Hoxton Square is full of small works by artists who are interested in graphics, in the book as a work of art, and combining art and language. You’ll see concrete poetry there and little performances.

CULTURAL HOTSPOT

Go to Herald Street for the most intense concentration of galleries. There's Maureen Paley, right, Herald St gallery, the Campoli Presti gallery and five minutes up the road, the Wilkinson Gallery on Vyner Street.

It's a fantastic little journey and then you can polish it off with a gin and tonic at the Approach Tavern. I love the gallery there and they do barbecues.

FAVOURITE HOMEWARE SHOPS

A friend introduced me to David Mellor's shop in Sloane Square and it's just beautiful. There's real practical kitchenware with that wonderful modernist aesthetic. I've just discovered Jasper Morrison's outlet on Kingsland Road and also The Dark Room on Lamb's Conduit Street.

On Hanwell Street, off Brick Lane, some really nice experimental vintage and homeware shops are opening up — like a new generation of Labour and Wait.

Tower Bridge’s subterranean Bascule Chamber, a 2017 Art Night venue, has hosted music concerts ( Alamy )

TELL US ABOUT ART NIGHT

This year we're delving into the great architectural masterpieces of the East End with 11 different and sitespecific works.

Our young Turkish curator, Fatos Ustek, is fascinated by the influence of diverse groups coming into the area. So one of the Art Night locations will be one of the great Huguenot houses, Dennis Severs' House, where the Chapman Brothers will insert prints into the existing 18th-century furnishings.

You'll have access to spaces not normally open to the public — for example inside Tower Bridge's Bascule Chamber — the bit where the bridge lifts up — a huge masterpiece of Victorian design and engineering, where Ian Whittlesea will invite audiences to take part in an illuminated meditation.

And for me the most exciting discovery is the fully formed Grade-II listed masonic temple at the Andaz Hotel.


~_~


Move means Home Office will not conduct checks on residents or those coming forward to help authorities in fire inquiry

The Home Office has announced a temporary 12-month immigration “amnesty” for survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire.

The immigration minister, Brandon Lewis, told MPs the move was in recognition of the fact that some foreign nationals directly affected by the fire did not wish to engage with the authorities because of their concerns about their unresolved immigration status or because their permission to stay in Britain was about to expire.

The announcement means the Home Office will not conduct checks on residents of Grenfell Tower and Grenfell Walk or those coming forward to provide information to help the authorities in their inquiries.

The shadow home secretary, Diane Abbott, welcomed the announcement but said the 12-month amnesty did not go far enough.



Taskforce to take over key council services in Kensington and Chelsea Read more

“I’m pleased to see the government has met the request I raised in the Commons on Monday for an immigration amnesty for Grenfell survivors. Without an immigration amnesty there may well be people we never know about, and too many people who need help who will not receive it,” she said.



“But this does not go far enough to ensure the confidence of those affected. Why would they volunteer their details knowing that in just 12 months they could face deportation? The amnesty must be indefinite to be truly effective.”



Survivors who contact the Home Office will be given up to a year’s temporary leave to remain in Britain outside the immigration rules and with full access to relevant support and assistance. The usual requirement that they demonstrate that they can live without claiming social security benefits or having recourse to other public funds will also be waived. No fees will be charged either.

It is understood that the Home Office has offered the temporary leave to remain status in good faith and does not intend to use it to take subsequent enforcement action when it expires and may actually offer those involved the opportunity to regularise their status in Britain.

The policy will be kept under review and remain in place at least until 31 August.



The immigration minister said: “This period of leave to remain for those directly affected by the fire will provide survivors with the time to deal with the extremely difficult circumstances in which they find themselves and start to rebuild their lives while considering their future options, as well as to assist the police and other authorities with their inquiries about the fire.”

Abbott pressed the case for an immigration amnesty for Grenfell survivors in the Commons on Monday. She said concern about their immigration status was one of the factors preventing people from coming forward, either to obtain the help they need or to provide the information the authorities need.


~_~


Air travelers stand at an American Airlines check-in gate at LaGuardia Airport in New York, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

DUBLIN Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker said on Thursday the Doha-based carrier would soon start buying shares in American Airlines (AAL.O) "depending on the share price."

The state-owned company notified American Airlines last month that it was interested in buying up to 10 percent of its shares.

Al-Baker told reporters in Dublin that Qatar Airways would buy up to 4.75 percent, despite a cool response given last month by the American Airlines CEO to its plan, once it has regulatory approval.

(Writing by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Editing by Greg Mahlich)


~_~


Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs


~_~


South Korean President Moon Jae-in attends an interview with Reuters at the Presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/Files

SEOUL South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday dialogue with North Korea was more pressing than ever and a peace treaty to permanently end the Korean War must be signed by all parties to establish lasting peace on the peninsula.

Moon said in a speech in Berlin the North made a disappointing and misguided decision to conduct a test of a ballistic missile on Tuesday and it now faced the last chance to make the right choice.

"We do not wish for the collapse of North Korea and we will not pursue any form of unification by absorbing the other. We will not pursue unification by force," he said.

Moon is in Germany to attend a summit of G20 countries. The two Koreas remain in a technical state of war under an armistice ending the 1950-53 Korean War, signed by the North, the United States and China.

(Reporting by Christine Kim and Jack Kim in Seoul; Editing by Robert Birsel)


~_~


PRESS DIGEST -Wall Street Journal - July 6

July 6 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.


~_~


Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.


~_~


Chalet Rosière, La Rosière

Opening for its first winter season this December, this luxury lodge is a 10-minute drive from the resort of La Rosière, with views over the Tarantaise Valley, an outdoor spa, and space for 12 guests in the six bedrooms. It can be hired in its entirety, or you can choose one of the wellness retreats, such as the Ski Yoga package, which combines yoga, meditation, skiing and snowboarding with massages and vegan food (from €1,290pp for four nights).

One-week fully catered stays from £11,880, including airport transfers and chauffeur (07932 155 776; chaletrosiere.fr).

Hit the slopes and then the mat with the Ski Yoga package at the Rosière

Chalet Rock n Love, Tignes-les-Brévières

Pro skier and rally driver Guerlain Chicherit is the man behind the latest addition to Tignes-les-Brévières, Chalet Rock n Love. The décor has a Seventies flavour, with grown-up toys including a jukebox, vintage vending machine and a pool table made from half a vintage Mini Cooper. Children’s beds, meanwhile are converted VW vans, and there’s also an indoor pool and outdoor hot tub. The chalet has five suites, sleeping up to 10 adults and three children.

From £9,500 per week, fully catered with chauffeur, through Ultimate Luxury Chalets (01202 203 653; ultimateluxurychalets.com).

Snap back into the Seventies at chilled out Rock n Love

Chalet Calistoga, Val d’Isère

Chalet Calistoga’s terrace and floor-to-ceiling windows let you make the most of the views over the slopes around Val d’Isère. You’ll also find a spa (complete with pool, sauna and massage room) for reviving weary muscles, while the breakfast menu comes courtesy of Tom Cenci, executive chef of Duck & Waffle; dishes will be adaptations of favourites from the London restaurant. The chalet sleeps 10 in five bedrooms.

One-week catered stays from £24,500 including chauffeur (020 3393 0833; consensiochalets.co.uk).

Take in stunning views as you take a soak in the spa at Chalet Calistoga (andyparant.com)

La Datcha, Val Thorens

With a golf simulator, F1 simulator, cinema and spa, you certainly won’t be bored at La Datcha once you’re done on the slopes. Located right in the heart of Val Thorens, just 10 metres from the slopes, it also has a terrace, hot tub, sauna and steam room – and its own wine cellar. Sleeps up to 15.

From €58,000 a week, fully catered (00 33 6 88 08 29 58; ladatcha.com/valthorens).

It’s hard to be bored at La Datcha, with all the entertainment on offer

Chalet Le Grenier, Méribel

The chalet, built last year across the road from the chairlift for Hulotte piste, has a new concierge service for this season, available to arrange ski lessons, book tables at top restaurants and more. Chalet Le Grenier also comes with a spa (including sauna and hot tub), gym, ski room and games room, plus high-spec tech such as Bose speakers, a PlayStation 4 and Apple TV. Sleeps 12 in six bedrooms.

From €30,000 per week, full catered, including chauffeur, through Meriski (01285 648518; meriski.co.uk).


~_~


Eating processed foods and indulging in a "sedentary lifestyle" has lead to two billion people around the world being overweight, says high-tech fitness firm Technogym , an Italian company looking to put a spin on the conventional gym in an attempt to lower this figure.

It's already proving to be a popular system, with the company providing equipment to 180 facilities across the world, including several luxury hotels, as well as supplying the fitness equipment for the 2016 Rio Olympic Games. They have also partnered with McLaren Applied Technologies, who are looking to use data-driven exercises to improve the performance of their racing drivers.

To see how Technogym's equipment works and whether it can help non-gym-goers get active, we were given a quick warm-up session on its Skillmill running mill and Skillrow rowing machine.

Later, we'd be put through our paces by McLaren's driver-performance manager, Simon Reynolds, to see how Technogym's Kinesis rig helps drivers cope with the physical exertions of an F1 car.

Fitness fans bored of the usual gym machines will find a lot to interest them in Technogym's range, but the gadgets will also appeal to less-active tech geeks.

For instance, the Skillmill running machine has a QR code on it so users can see how well - or not - they're doing by scanning it and using the company's Mywellness app. The same can be done on the Skillrow, which can also track arm and leg power individually.

Both machines are fitted with dials so you can change your workout to suit. Turning the dial to its lowest setting is almost too easy, but the mid-range of the scale has a more natural feel. This is more noticeable on the Skillrow, which simulates the effects of moving through water.

The highest setting is brutal, no matter how fit you are.

However, it's incredibly satisfying to see your performance relayed to you in real time through the app, especially for those who like having a visual target to keep them motivated.

Following a short workout on both machines, Reynolds put us through a quick F1-style workout on Technogym's Kinesis rig, which looks intimidating and confusing at first, but is remarkably simple and intuitive to use.

Reynolds has trained the likes of Stoffel Vandoorne and McLaren junior Nyck DeVries and tells us they have to build their arm muscles to deal with the weight of their car's steering wheel at high speeds.

The Kinesis rig helps this by working the muscles around the shoulders and arms using weights attached to cables. Reynolds gets us to lift the weights and bring our arms forward to mimic a steering wheel. It's a challenging exercise that highlights how much force drivers have to apply to the wheel.

Technogym's tracking systems let McLaren monitor the performance of their drivers and target weak areas that need improving.

This is what sets the company apart, as it gives users the data they need to see how they can improve.


~_~


It’s heartening that the Conservative Party is trying to work out what mistakes it made, and several of their MPs have suggested they should adopt some of Jeremy Corbyn’s campaigning methods, especially in attracting youth.

So to start with, Conservative members should gather in groups at rock festivals and sing “Oooooh, Andrea Leadsom”, and see if it catches on.

Then they could start their own support from the grime rap scene, the way Labour did in its sneaky way. They could make films in which DJ Michael Fallon struts round a housing estate, rapping, “Hey my crew’s strong and stable/And swear down bruv I’m able/To press a button to enable/Mass destruction at da table/Not like Corbyn or dat wasteman Vince boy Cable”, and see how long it took before it went viral.

They should find a way of attracting the youth in the way Corbyn has, because I expect it’s only the way Labour puts stuff on YouTube and Twitter that won young people to Labour’s cause. The ideas, such as abolishing tuition fees didn’t make much difference. If the Tories could make something shiny and sung by Stormzy, I’m sure they could get people to support policies such as taking away your house to pay for your dementia care.

Jeremy Corbyn : Grenfell Tower has exposed the disastrous effect of austerity

It’s possible there are bigger changes taking place. For example, the British Social Attitudes survey this week revealed 48 per cent now support higher taxes to pay for services. But this probably doesn’t mean anything.

The problem the Conservatives have is it wasn’t just Labour that got 40 per cent of the vote, it was Labour with policies and a leader that, everyone had agreed, made them completely unelectable. For two years there were columns every day that went “Labour would LITERALLY have more chance if they were led by the Devil, and he started his conference speech ‘I don’t just want their votes, I want their SOULS, MWAHAHAHA’ and sacrificed a virgin as a symbol of the plans to take the east coast railway line back into public ownership.” And that would be a joint statement from the shadow Cabinet.

Some Conservatives such as Toby Young urged his supporters to register as a Labour member and vote for Corbyn, as this would ensure the Tories stayed in power FOREVER.

To be fair, this confirms a unique talent of Toby Young, to manage to be wrong about everything, all the time, which is really tricky. If he backed both horses in a two-horse race, it would end with the commentator shouting: “Oh my goodness, a stray guinea pig has come through the middle and beaten them both.”

But it suggests few of them appreciate the scale of the change taking place. Cutting taxes is no longer popular, screaming that someone once met someone in the IRA no longer makes an impact.

Murdoch helped destroy Kinnock, Brown and Miliband, but couldn’t touch Corbyn who he hates more than anyone. The Daily Mail sees its causes wilt every day, and soon they’ll be so full of anguish and rage their headlines will just be “HnnnnyeaAAAAAGH – AAAAAAGH, eeeeeyEAGGGGGGGRRRRAAAGH”, and they’ll win a huge following amongst thrash metal fans, who will sing the front page thinking it’s the lyrics to a song called “Axe Through the Skull”.

What was considered extreme a few weeks ago now seems mainstream. For example, there’s the reaction to the atrocious fire. Conservative politicians and columnists expressed outrage at Corbyn and John McDonnell’s comments, who blamed cost-cutting for the disaster.

They claimed this was an attempt to “politicise” the tragedy, and they may have a point, because the fact the fire happened in a block occupied by working-class people, following years of cuts in health and safety and council budgets was probably just a coincidence, and an identical fire must be just as likely in Donald Trump’s tower.

Also it can’t be fair to jump to the conclusion that the deadly cladding was chosen because it was cheaper. There could be many reasons why the contractors picked that sort, maybe it was all they had left at B&Q.

It would also be bad form to suggest there was a culture of hostility towards health and safety. When David Cameron announced in 2012 that health and safety culture was part of a “sea of red tape, a restrictive monster”, he meant in a nice way.

Years of Tories screaming, “Health and safety, health and sodding pissing scummy poxy safety, how can business build anything if they’ve got to worry about health and stinking rancid useless pointless arsehole safety?”, didn’t suggest they were in any way hostile to health and safety.

Until recently the Labour Party would have shied away from making these claims. But now it’s accepted as reasonable for Labour to make their case, and even the demand to rehouse survivors in homes left empty by the wealthy, has to some extent been agreed.

In any case, if a group of residents wants to ensure sufficient money is spent on their tower block, all they have to do is uproot it and move it to Belfast.

Because the Democratic Unionist Party seem to have been given a few bob, as the Conservative slogan appears to be “WHERE’S THE MAGIC MONEY TREE? Come on then, if you want to spend all this money, WHERE’S THE MAGIC MONEY TREE? AY? COME ON YOU IDIOTS, WHERE IS IT? WHERE? AY? WHERE? Oh, hang on, here it is.”


~_~


The biggest and most obvious financial impact for regular Brits since the UK voted to leave the EU last June has been the huge drop in the value of the pound against virtually every other major currency around the world.

Sterling witnessed the largest single intraday drop against the dollar in its history the morning after the vote and continued to drop for several months afterward.

Those months were filled with wild swings in value, a flash crash and a shift from being driven by economic data releases, to moving on political developments, especially those related to Brexit.

Britain's currency now appears to be recovering to some extent and is threatening to break above 1.30 against the dollar for the first time since September last year. However, what happens to sterling in the future — with hurdles like Brexit and the upcoming general election clouding the picture — is anybody's guess.

To find out what might happen to the pound, Business Insider rounded up forecasts from banks, economic research houses, and trading firms about which way they think sterling is headed over the medium-term.

Most have recently increased their forecasts, largely on the assumption that Theresa May's Conservative Party will win an increased majority at June's election, paving the way for her to take a more conciliatory stance on Brexit, and move away from the sort of Brexit favoured by hardline Conservative MPs, who currently have a disproportionate influence on policy thanks to the party's slim majority.

However, many have raised forecasts from a very low baseline, and as a result, still expect the pound to end 2017 lower than it is currently trading.

Check out the forecasts of economists, analysts, and strategists below (all forecasts are for the pound against the dollar unless otherwise specified):

Daniel Morris, Senior Investment Strategist at BNP Paribas Investment Partners

(BNP Paribas Investment Partners)

Forecast: Stronger by the end of 2017, no precise forecast

What they say: "The likely electoral impact on Sterling depends on whether an increased Conservative majority (as the polls expect) leads to a 'harder' or 'softer' Brexit. The argument for a softer Brexit (which supposedly explains Sterling’s initial rise following the announcement of the election) is that with a larger majority, the Prime Minister will have greater flexibility to negotiate an agreement with Brussels that avoids the potentially more negative aspects of leaving the EU, with subsequent Parliamentary approval and freedom from the constraints of the hard Brexiteers," Morris said in analysis sent to Business Insider.

"The counter narrative - it is worth noting that sterling has given up its initial post-election announcement gains against the euro, even though it has held up against the dollar - is that newly-elected MPs are more likely to support a hard Brexit, thereby increasing the likelihood of Britain reaching such an agreement. We think that a hard Brexit was already priced into the markets, and for the time being the prospect of a softer Brexit will drive the currency higher, unless the economic data weakens decisively. That weakness may be appearing, given that first quarter GDP data came in below expectations. So even if negotiations move in Britain’s favour, the economy might not cooperate."

Chris Turner, Head of Foreign Exchange Strategy at ING

Forecast: $1.35, revised upwards from previous $1.27 forecast.

What they say: "Positioning data since then [May calling a general election] — which covers trading activity to the week ending 25 April — shows only a modest reduction in speculative GBP shorts. That suggests speculators continue to hold GBP short position, built at a time when Cable was trading under 1.25. We think it would not take too much to force more aggressive short-covering — sending GBP/$ to the 1.32/1.34 region in the run up to the 8 June election."

"Should the Conservatives manage to secure a 100+ majority on 8 June, we would expect GBP to enjoy a modest bounce = largely on the view Theresa May would be able to marginalise the more ardent Brexiteers in her party," Turner said in a note on May 3.

Samuel Tombs, Pantheon Macroeconomics

Forecast: $1.25 by the end of the second quarter, but appreciation afterwards.

What they say: "Currency traders have judged that Prime Minister May will win a huge majority in the general election on June 8, loosening the grip of hardline Brexiteers on her negotiating position. Investors also have judged that the chances of an orderly transition deal with the E.U. have increased," Tombs wrote on May 2.

"The next election now will not need to be held until 2022, rather than 2020, alleviating the pressure on Theresa May to show that Brexit has been delivered in full immediately.

"We do not find these arguments compelling. It equally can be argued that a larger majority will reduce the influence of the minority of pro-EU Conservative MPs on the Government."

"Accordingly, we think that sterling's rally could go into reverse in the short-term, and we still forecast a $1.25 level for sterling at the end of Q2. Further ahead, however, we continue to see scope for sterling to appreciate. The U.K. public's zeal for Brexit likely will decline, persuading the Government to make as many compromises as required in order to maintain as much access to the single market as possible."

Pantheon is currently updating its currency forecasts, and this post will be updated once we have its new figures.

Danielle Haralambous, UK Analyst at the Economist Intelligence Unit

(Economist Intelligence Unit)

Forecast: Stronger by the end of 2017, no precise forecast

What they say: "It's clear from the reaction in foreign-exchange markets that the general election presents upside risks for the pound. The Conservative Party is riding high in the polls and will secure a larger majority parliament, giving Theresa May more freedom to implement her domestic policy agenda, and the Brexit that she favours," Haralambous told BI over email.

"The prime minister has committed to taking the UK out of the single market—but a bigger majority would mean that Mrs May would no longer be hostage to Brexiteer backbenchers holding her to account on the terms of the final deal. The pound may reverse some of its recent gains as the economy slows in 2017-18, but to the extent that the general election will deliver greater political stability, we expect to pound to be firmer this year than we previously assumed."

Sheena Shah, Morgan Stanley

Forecast: $1.45 by the end of 2018.

What they say: On the day Theresa May called for a general election in May, Morgan Stanley's Sheena Shah said in a research note: "Stabilisation of GBP has already started, which should aid inflows into the currency. Notably, FX reserve managers have started to move out of the EUR and into GBP. Our estimations suggest the market has priced in a lot of the negativity associated with Brexit, with today’s developments starting to reverse some of that pricing. The risk to our view is a large undershoot of UK growth data in coming months."

Roger Hallam, Chief Investment Officer, Currencies at JPMorgan Asset Management

​Forecast: Sterling to drop against the dollar and euro by the end of 2017

What they say: Hallam told BI: "We believe that the upcoming UK general election will allow the Prime Minister to consolidate and grow her majority, while providing better scope for transitional arrangements so that the probability of a ‘cliff’ exit becomes lower –which reduces the severe tail-risks for Sterling.

"But assuming the UK pursues a reasonably hard Brexit approach, the period will certainly be challenging from an economic and capital flows perspective. Our shorter-term view of a bounce in GBP/USD towards 1.30, based on the general election triggering a short-covering move in Sterling, has now largely been realized. The months ahead should see the Federal Reserve raise rates in June and September and the ECB upgrade its outlook on the economy paving the way for it to announce a tapering of its QE purchases in September. The Euro should also benefit from strong equity inflows into the region as investors adjust their asset allocations to benefit from an improving earnings outlook in the Eurozone. Meanwhile the onset of the Brexit negotiations in June should highlight the challenge the UK faces in leaving the EU and we believe the Bank of England is likely to leave rates unchanged this year.

"Overall, this leaves us biased towards higher levels of Euro and US dollar vs Sterling for balance of this year."

Martin Beck at Oxford Economics

Forecast: "Sterling to reach perhaps $1.35 by the end of this year," Oxford's Martin Beck told BI.

What they say: "Fundamentally, sterling is cheap. That may mean little to investors given the widespread perceptions that leaving the EU will entail a major regime change. Our house view is that Brexit will eventually lead to a permanent loss of output equivalent to 3% of GDP by 2030. That scenario may warrant a lower equilibrium level of sterling. In our judgment, that unknown new level is not 15%-20% lower than fundamental anchors. Our view is that up to 10% upside in sterling is a reasonable medium-term expectation, especially relative to the dollar," a note from Beck at the end of March said.

Alan Ruskin and George Saravelos, Deutsche Bank

Deutsche Bank's headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany (Getty)

Forecast: Sterling to fall to $1.20 by the end of 2017. Until recently Deutsche Bank was the most bearish mainstream sterling forecaster, predicting a drop to as low as $1.05.

What they say: Writing on May 4, Deutsche Bank said: "The recent announcement of a snap UK general election has materially improved the chances of the UK securing a transitional deal with the EU27. Assuming our base case of a large Conservative majority is correct, the influence of hard Brexit MPs will be reduced and the hard deadline of the May 2020 general election is extended by two years. Accordingly, we have revised the GBP/USD cycle end-point nine big figures higher from its previous low of 1.06. This returns it to levels after the Brexit vote but before PM May’s ‘hard Brexit’ Birmingham Party Conference Speech, reflecting a reduced risk of the UK crashing out of the EU in March 2019 with no arrangements.

"The need for market pressure to force compromise between the UK and EU has reduced, but this isn’t enough to turn bullish sterling in the medium term. Politics will cease to be the only dominant driver of sterling and fundamentals will matter more. These are far from bullish."

​Kamal Sharma, Bank of America Merrill Lynch

(Getty Images)

Forecast: $1.27 by the end of 2017, up from a previous forecast of $1.19.

What they say: "The announcement of an 8th June General Election was a game changing event for GBP. We have consequently revised our GBP forecasts which mainly impact the front-end of the profile, no longer expecting the one final dip. Our end-2018 GBP/USD takes us closer to our estimates for fair value than previously," Sharma wrote early in May.

"GBP will likely trade at a structurally lower equilibrium level and GBP/USD is unlikely to regain its pre-Referendum range. A slowing domestic economy tempers prospects of sustained upside."

Pierre-Olivier ​Gourinchas, director of the Clausen Center for International Business and Policy at the University of California, Berkeley and Galina Hale, a research advisor at the San Francisco Fed

Forecast: Lower for longer.

What they say: "Despite a possible boost to manufacturing exports and some valuation gains, the depreciation of the pound since the Brexit vote must reflect expectations of slower growth for the U.K. economy in the next few years and beyond," the pair argued in a recent paper for the San Francisco Federal Reserve.

"While some groups may gain from Brexit, the message from the foreign exchange and asset markets is clear: The overall size of the economy will eventually shrink relative to what it could have been if the United Kingdom had voted to stay in the EU."

Read more:

• This chart is easy to interpret: It says we're screwed

• How Uber became the world's most valuable startup

• These 4 things could trigger the next crisis in Europe

Read the original article on Business Insider UK. © 2016. Follow Business Insider UK on Twitter.

Looking for credit card or current account deals? Search here


~_~





~_~


A former chef who claimed he accidentally smothered a girlfriend in his sleep has been found guilty of killing two women after a campaign for justice by one of the victim’s families.

Robert Trigg, 52, told an inquest that he had rolled on to Susan Nicholson in 2011 as they slept on a sofa together, five years after he killed another partner, Caroline Devlin, 35, in her bed.

Both women’s deaths at their homes in Worthing, West Sussex, were recorded as non-suspicious despite his history of domestic abuse going back two decades. Trigg was brought to justice after Ms Nicholson’s family refused to believe his claim that he had accidentally suffocated her.

He was convicted yesterday after a ten-day trial of Ms Nicholson’s murder and…


~_~
