Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

How will Joe Root be feeling this morning? He has probably slept fitfully. His mind will have been working overtime, thinking of possible permutations, worrying about what he should say to his team. But he won’t be weary; he’ll be nervous, excited, proud, anxious and self-conscious to some degree, as he arrives at the ground and recognises that there is a little more attention on him than usual.

If he is sensible, he will have done his administrative duties ahead of time: tickets on the gate for family and friends (the latter tend to increase when you take on the captaincy), team sheet sorted, and signed in good time. Before the players gather on the outfield at the appointed hour (usually 9.45am) he should have…

~_~

The famous, posed Reichstag photograph overlooked the role of Grigory Bulatov, who had hoised the flag two days earlier Yevgeny Khaldei/Getty Images

A campaign is growing in Russia for a Red Army private to be recognised as the first person to raise a Soviet flag over the Reichstag in Berlin in 1945.

Two soldiers captured in a photograph on top of the shattered building on May 2 are often mistakenly thought to be the heroes who hoisted the banner, signalling the imminent defeat of the Nazis.

That image was posed by the army photographer Yevgeny Khaldei with the help of men he found by chance at the scene after the building was secured, and with a flag he provided himself.

Grigory Bulatov, nearest the camera, was nominated for a Hero of the Soviet Union award but was given a lesser honour

According to the official story, the feat was carried out by two other men, Meliton Kantaria, a Georgian, and Mikhail Yegorov, a Russian, who were made Heroes…

~_~

Michel Barnier said that he was uncertain whether the realities of leaving the EU are fully understood in Britain Getty Images

Michel Barnier, the European Union’s chief Brexit negotiator, has warned cabinet ministers, MPs and British businesses that “frictionless” trade will not be possible after the UK leaves the single market and customs union.

In a speech aimed at supporters of “soft” Brexit, such as the chancellor Philip Hammond and the Labour Party, Mr Barnier said that he was uncertain whether the realities of leaving the EU had been fully understood across the Channel.

“I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits [but] that is not possible,” he told the EU’s economic and social committee, a consultative body of businessmen and trade unions.

“I have heard some people in the UK argue…

~_~

The foreign secretary was the most senior minister to have broken ranks with official policy Reuters

Boris Johnson has been forced to concede that a government u-turn on public sector pay is unlikely in the near future in a major victory for Theresa May and Philip Hammond.

The foreign secretary was the most senior minister to have broken ranks with official policy and questioned the government’s continued commitment to the 1 per cent cap on pay rises.

However, this morning Mr Johnson stressed the need for the Treasury to be “fiscally sensible” in its approach to public sector pay.

His sudden about-face is a major coup for Mrs May, who along with Philip Hammond has come under intense pressure from senior ministers and the opposition over the future of the pay cap. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn yesterday accused the prime minister…

~_~

All new Volvo models will be hybrid or electric within the next two years VOLVO

The end of the internal combustion engine moved closer yesterday after a major carmaker became the first to abandon diesel and petrol-only vehicles.

Volvo, which sold almost 47,000 cars in the UK last year, said that all new models would be electric or hybrid within two years, adding that the age of the battery-powered car had arrived. Experts predicted that other mainstream manufacturers would follow suit.

Figures published by the motor industry showed that almost 59,000 new green cars were sold in the UK over the past 12 months, up 27.5 per cent in a year. Sales of petrol cars rose by 5.2 per cent while diesel sales fell almost 10 per cent year on year.

The decline of the combustion engine has been hastened…

~_~

Mr Trump gave a joint press conference with President Duda of Poland in which he threatened North Korea and criticised Russia’s “destabilising behaviour” Reuters

Donald Trump has raised the stakes in his showdown with North Korea this morning with a call for “all nations” to confront the regime — hours after Russia and China called for restraint.

Mr Trump, who is due to meet President Putin tomorrow, said that he was considering “some pretty severe things” to punish North Korea for its “very, very bad behaviour”.

He also raised the temperature by standing firmly with Poland against Russia’s “destabilising behaviour” and pledging that the US would help Europe to diversify its energy supplies.

Mr Trump gave his clearest statement that Russia interfered in the US election but tried to turn the focus on to his predecessor for not doing something about it.

He also continued his spat with US…

~_~

Boris Johnson told the Italian authorities that doctors and the judiciary should decide on treatment Hannah McKay/Reuters

Boris Johnson ruled out government intervention over Charlie Gard yesterday as the Vatican hospital offering to care for him said it was still working to bring the dying baby to Rome.

The foreign secretary told his Italian counterpart that doctors and the judiciary should decide on treatment for 11-month-old Charlie, as he and the prime minister were dragged into a controversy that has gone global after comments from President Trump and the Pope.

Lord Winston, the fertility specialist, was among experts criticising outside intervention on care for the baby, who has severe brain damage as a result of a rare genetic condition.

Charlie’s parents, Chris Gard and Connie Yates, wanted to take him to the United States for an experimental treatment but a series of…

~_~

Andrea Sutcliffe, chief inspector of social care: “It appears to be increasingly difficult for some providers to deliver the safe, high quality and compassionate care people deserve” Chris Harris for The Times

One in three nursing homes is inadequate, condemning tens of thousands of elderly people to substandard care, an overview of inspections has found.

Elderly care is “precarious” with homes deteriorating as qualified staff leave over poor pay and conditions, inspectors say. Families face a “Russian roulette” with one in four social care services, including home care, not safe enough, campaigners warned.

Inspectors found residents going weeks without showers, falling repeatedly, missing medicines and being woken at dawn for the convenience of staff.

After inspecting all 24,000 social care services looking after a million people in the UK, the Care Quality Commission said the system risked tipping into disaster.

Andrea Sutcliffe, chief inspector of social care, said: “It appears to be increasingly difficult for some providers…

~_~

Relatives looking for a care home should walk round with the manager, take in the atmosphere and look for the sense that “it’s a community, not a service”, Andrea Sutcliffe , the chief inspector of social care advises.

Just 1 per cent of care homes are marked outstanding, amid acute problems with qualified staff, but Ms Sutcliffe insists the rating is possible with the right leadership.

At Attleborough Grange home in Nuneaton, inspectors recently found that “people and relatives were delighted with the kindness and thoughtfulness of staff, which exceeded their expectations of how they would be cared for and supported”. Staff, listened to what residents wanted, respected their choices and understood and shared the values of the home, the Care Quality Commission found. Problems…

~_~

Tony Blair was not “straight with the nation” when choosing to join the US, the head of the Iraq war inquiry said Stefan Rousseau/Getty Images

Tony Blair relied on emotional beliefs rather than facts in his decision to take Britain to war in Iraq, Sir John Chilcot has said.

The chairman of the seven-year inquiry into the legality of the conflict said that he believed Mr Blair was not “straight with the nation” when choosing to join the US coalition to remove Saddam Hussein from power.

In his first interview since he published his report, which concluded that the former prime minister had overstated the threat from Iraq, Sir John added that Mr Blair should not have committed himself to supporting the US before establishing the legal basis for war.

He told the BBC that Mr Blair’s dossier used to justify war was worded in a way that emphasised personal…

~_~

A new feature on Snapchat encourages its users to share their exact location with “friends” Getty Images

Schools and child protection experts have criticised Snapchat’s new “maps” feature, saying that it puts children at risk of grooming.

The feature, “snap map”, was introduced to the picture messaging app last month and allows users to share their exact location with people on their friends list in real time.

Teachers say that the map raised serious safeguarding concerns and could lead to children being tracked by paedophiles.

Rose Bray, of the NSPCC, said that parents should be given warnings before such features are launched.

Snapchat users are encouraged to browse a map of photos and videos that have been shared publicly and to share their location with “friends” in the app. Those who share their whereabouts appear as avatars on the map. However, many…

~_~

Top spots in the latest table have gone to boys’ grammars. Eton College was ranked 109th Christopher Furlong/Getty Images

Provincial grammar schools and a new breed of specialist free school have emerged as the unsung heroes of British education in an A-level league table that ranks schools on their science prowess. Top spots in the table have gone to boys’ grammars, including Reading School, King Edward VI Camp Hill School for Boys, in Birmingham, and Sutton Grammar, in Surrey.

Ilford County High School, a selective boys’ school in Essex, is one of the big climbers when evaluated on a Stem (science, technology, engineering and maths) ranking. It comes 237th in the country when looking at overall A*-B performance but is at 17 when looking at performance in science subjects.

New free schools backed by universities to specialise in science are also serving their pupils…

~_~

A former chef who claimed he accidentally smothered a girlfriend in his sleep has been found guilty of killing two women after a campaign for justice by one of the victim’s families.

Robert Trigg, 52, told an inquest that he had rolled on to Susan Nicholson in 2011 as they slept on a sofa together, five years after he killed another partner, Caroline Devlin, 35, in her bed.

Both women’s deaths at their homes in Worthing, West Sussex, were recorded as non-suspicious despite his history of domestic abuse going back two decades. Trigg was brought to justice after Ms Nicholson’s family refused to believe his claim that he had accidentally suffocated her.

He was convicted yesterday after a ten-day trial of Ms Nicholson’s murder and…

~_~

Carol Lee Scott was best known for playing the green-faced pantomime witch Grotbags ITV/Rex Features

Carol Lee Scott, the children’s actress best known as Grotbags the witch, has died aged 74.

The entertainer appeared in numerous children’s programmes in the 1980s and early 1990s, including the ITV hit Rod Hull’s Emu’s World but was best known for her role as the green-faced pantomime witch.

Her death was announced by relatives on social media last night with her niece Gina Mear writing on Facebook that the actress had “lost her brave fight against cancer”.

“To many of you she was Grotbags — a legend!” she said. “To me she was just aunty Carol. I shall miss her hugely, rest in peace Carol.”

Celebrities and a nostalgic public also paid tribute with Rufus Hound, the comedian, saying that she was “an icon…

~_~

Swim survival lessons in which toddlers and babies are dropped into water have been criticised by experts as “harmful” and “distressing”.

Swim England and the Royal Life Saving Society UK are among organisations warning parents against classes that aim to teach young children to rescue themselves by rolling on to their backs in water.

YouTube videos from the United States show toddlers being taught how to avoid drowning and critics say the children are distressed. Similar classes have arrived in Britain.

Emma Aspinall, 33, launched her own swim survival lessons after her son Loui, two, drowned in 2013 after wandering alone into a pool during a family holiday to Tunisia. She found a programme in America teaching children to “self-rescue” and raised more than £10,000…

~_~

The executors of Edward Albee’s will are being tested on whether they are afraid of defying the late playwright’s wishes.

The author of Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf? stipulated before his death that his friends should destroy any incomplete manuscripts he left behind and included the instruction in a will filed in Long Island, where he lived.

The instruction from Albee, who died in September aged 88, could mean that his final known project, Laying an Egg, may never be staged. Although he circulated partial scripts, the final version was never completed.

It is not known whether the dramatist had been working on other projects that will also have to be destroyed.

Albee’s executors, Arnold Toren and William Katz, have declined to answer questions about…

~_~

The prime minister promised to review the counterterrorism strategy after the attack at London Bridge, above Getty Images

More than 100 people have been convicted of terrorism offences in the UK related to Syria and Iraq since 2014, according to a database which also shows a rising number of women and girls being prosecuted.

Data compiled by the BBC shows that 109 people have been convicted of offences ranging from plotting to travel to the Middle East to fight for Islamic State to using social media to encourage support for the group; 85 per cent were convicted before leaving the country.

One in six of those on the list are female. The list includes a boy aged 14, former prisoners, a hospital director, the son of a police officer, married couples, siblings and a mother of six.

Five terrorist plots have been foiled…

~_~

Fiona Bruce during filming of the Antiques Roadshow at Balmoral Castle. She is said to be paid £500,000 a year by the BBC Andrew Milligan/PA

Salaries of the BBC’s star news presenters and journalists will be capped as the broadcaster aims to cut its on-air wage bill by 10 per cent.

The BBC is preparing for a backlash when it is forced this month to reveal the pay of its highest earning talent for the first time.

Details of more than 100 presenters paid between £150,000 and £5 million will be published after the government ordered greater scrutiny of licence fee spending. It will be the start of an annual disclosure of the top-earning news staff while the details for stars of most entertainment shows will appear for only one year because they have moved to a commercial unit.

The BBC will announce this year that on-air news and current…

~_~

Wimbledon has been interrupted by pigeons, a squirrel and on one occasion a swarm of bees. Yesterday it was hit by its first invasion of flying ants.

A player battling through the second round reported that one of the insects flew up his nose and Johanna Konta, Britain’s best hope for the women’s singles title, said she had swallowed some.

Sam Querrey of the US, who won his match against Thomas Fabbiano of Italy on court 18, said he had considered asking the umpire to stop the match.

“I have never seen that before,” he said. “They seemed to kind of go away after a while but if it [had] got much worse I was wanting to stop because they’re hitting you in the face.

~_~

Daniil Medvedev, the world No 49, tossed loose change after what he saw as poor calls from the umpire DAVID RAMOS/GETTY IMAGES

A Russian tennis player faces a $20,000 fine after tossing loose change at the umpire’s chair during another day of controversy at Wimbledon.

Tournament chiefs were last night deciding the fate of Daniil Medvedev after his apparent slight on Mariana Alves’ integrity. The world No 49 had been incensed by a series of what he felt were poor calls from the umpire, including a crucial overrule that led to a break of serve. Two days after beating Stan Wawrinka, the 5th seed, he lost 6-4, 6-2, 3-6, 2-6, 6-3 to the Belgian qualifier Ruben Bemelmans.

Ms Alves had vacated her chair by the time Medvedev took out his wallet and started tossing coins, but the referee was standing nearby. Told that some would interpret his…

~_~

The latest lawsuit will add to Boris Becker’s financial woes Shaun Botterill/Getty

A former friend and business partner of Boris Becker has demanded the repayment of £32 million he lent to the three-times Wimbledon champion, increasing the former tennis star’s financial troubles after a London court declared him bankrupt last month.

“Numerous attempts to reach a settlement weren’t taken up by Boris Becker,” the law firm GHM Partners, representing the Swiss businessman Hans-Dieter Cleven, 73, said in a statement. Becker, who had borrowed 40 million Swiss francs, had repeatedly failed to meet deadlines to repay the claim that he acknowledged in writing, it added.

Hans-Dieter Cleven was a business partner and trusted friend of Becker’s for several years Alexander Hassenstein/Getty Images

Christian-Oliver Moser, Becker’s lawyer, rejected the demand. “The press statement by the lawyers for . . . Cleven is in our view an improper attempt to use public pressure to push through an unjustified claim against…

~_~

The man and the Irish teenager wrestle over the towel thrown into the crowd by Jack Sock

A boy who had a memento snatched from his grasp at Wimbledon will be given a replacement by his tennis hero after making contact through a social networking site.

The Irish teenager, whose mother asked for him not to be named, tried to catch a towel thrown by Jack Sock, the American player, at the end of Sock’s first-round match against Christian Garin of Chile.

The boy caught it at the same time as a woman, who relinquished it, but a large man sitting next to the woman then grabbed the towel and insisted that it was his.

Sock appealed for the boy to come forward and said through his agent that the boy had replied in a direct message on Instagram.

Judy Murray joined…

~_~

“Glass mice” that have been chemically rinsed so that almost every part of their bodies is transparent have been used to monitor the spread of cancer from cell to cell for the first time.

Scientists hope that the see-through mice will allow them to study complicated diseases in unprecedented detail, making it easier to spot weaknesses or to tell if a drug is working.

A typical animal has more than 100 billion cells in its body. One of the “holy grails” of biology is the ability to study every one of these cells under a microscope in its natural context. The method could also be used to follow the elusive stories of brain diseases such as dementia.

At present researchers can either tag certain kinds…

~_~

The government’s target of 9 per cent of new cars and vans being classed as ultralow emission vehicles by the end of this decade is expected to be missed Getty Images

Britain has been trying for years to place itself at the forefront of the electric vehicle market. There’s just one snag: a shortage of chargers.

Ministers have been warned that the shift to a zero-emission fleet is being hampered by the lack of public charge points beside the busiest roads.

A report from MPs last year cited the shortage of the fastest chargers, which can power a vehicle in minutes, as a reason that the target of having 9 per cent of new cars and vans classed as ultralow emission vehicles by the end of this decade would be missed.

Volvo, the first big manufacturer to pin its future to battery-powered vehicles, has added to those concerns, warning that the UK will not be a…

~_~

The single green advantage of diesel has disappeared, according to research showing that the average new car consumes almost as much fuel as the average petrol model.

Previous governments used tax incentives to encourage drivers to buy diesel cars to help meet climate change targets. The cars were said to be greener because they consumed less fuel per mile and so produced lower greenhouse gas emissions. The tax incentives ignored the far higher air pollution emitted.

The efficiency advantage has been eroded by bigger, more powerful diesel cars, according to research by the International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT).

~_~

What plans are there to impose air pollution charges on diesel or petrol cars? London is the only city to have announced air pollution charges for cars. Sadiq Khan, the mayor of London, is introducing a £10 daily charge in October on pre-2006 diesel and petrol cars that enter the congestion charge zone, on top of the £11.50 congestion charge. He plans to increase the pollution charge to £12.50 and apply it to pre-2016 diesel cars from April 2019. He aims to extend the charging zone to the North Circular and South Circular from 2021 but has yet to announce the charge level.



Will other cities follow?

For political reasons, other cities are only likely to introduce charges if the government requires them to. Research…

~_~

Congratulations to Angela Rayner, one of the rising stars of the Labour front bench, who is to be a grandmother, possibly the youngest in the history of the Commons at the age of 37. Her son, Ryan, and his girlfriend are expecting in December, by which time Rayner, left, has her own expectations of being in the cabinet as education secretary.

Before then, she plans to spend the summer recess caravanning, which was music to the ears of Grant, the Diary Hobbit, who is an enthusiastic camper (especially if you put the Village People on the jukebox). There is something about Labour women and caravans. Margaret Beckett and Jacqui Smith both holidayed in them. Appropriately, Beckett, as foreign secretary, had a tourer that she took…

~_~

Donald and Melania Trump leaving for the G20 in Germany, where the president is unpopular and faces protests NICHOLAS KAMM/AFP/GETTY IMAGES

Theresa May’s first outing on the world stage since her general election failure pitches her into the middle of a worsening row between Donald Trump and Angela Merkel.

The White House announced the formal meeting between the US president and the prime minister last night before the two-day G20 summit, tomorrow and Saturday, in Hamburg, hosted by Mrs Merkel, the German chancellor.

President Trump faces being isolated on a range of issues including climate change, free trade and migration in a country where he is disliked. Tens of thousands of people are expected to demonstrate against him.

By contrast, Mrs May, the first western leader to visit Mr Trump’s White House, refused to sign a letter from other EU leaders condemning his decision to withdraw…

~_~

Theresa May mounted a defence of austerity yesterday comparing Britain to Greece amid signs that public sector pay will not rise until next year.

Mrs May agreed her lines for prime minister’s questions by telephone with Philip Hammond on Tuesday and went on to warn against Britain’s finances spiralling out of control like Greece’s.

This earned a partial rebuke from Lord Macpherson, former permanent secretary to the Treasury, who wrote on Twitter: “UK will never turn into Greece. We can always devalue the £. And we have at some cost. But public finances matter. Debt too high. #soundmoney”.

Mrs May stepped back from saying anything more concrete on public pay yesterday despite initially wanting to use PMQs to shut down the debate.

The Treasury is…

~_~

Jeremy Corbyn is willing to tackle the organisers of Glastonbury festival over their use of zero hour contracts, his spokesman said yesterday.

The Labour leader addressed thousands at the event in Somerset last month and told the crowd that Britons should not have to “accept low wages and insecurity as just part of life”.

Michael Eavis, the organiser of the festival, has faced criticism over reports that hundreds of workers from across Europe were hired as litter pickers but laid off after two days because there was less mess than expected.

Asked whether Mr Corbyn could boycott the festival, which is next scheduled for 2019 to give the land at Worthy Farm a year to recover, the spokesman said: “Jeremy and the Labour party have…

~_~

Sir Vince is expected to become the Liberal Democrats’ leader this month Peter Byrne/PA

Theresa May’s “evil” rhetoric is reminiscent of Adolf Hitler, Sir Vince Cable has said.

Sir Vince, who is expected to become the Liberal Democrats’ leader this month, said the prime minister’s attack on “citizens of nowhere” at last year’s Conservative Party conference “could have been taken out of Mein Kampf”.

Sir Vince, who spent five years alongside Mrs May in the cabinet, was returned as the MP for Twickenham last month. He is the only candidate to succeed Tim Farron as Lib Dem leader.

Mrs May angered liberal Conservatives with her speech last year. She said: “Today, too many people in positions of power behave as though they have more in common with international elites than with the people down the road, the people they…

~_~

John Bercow would rather have been at Wimbledon. The Speaker, perched on his throne like an umpire, grew ever more tetchy yesterday as the Commons, relatively restrained for PMQs last week, reverted to type. It was more like Billingsgate after a fresh landing of sprats than Centre Court. New bawls!

Theresa May tried a new angle of attack, but Jeremy Corbyn had a better return PA

“Order, order,” Speaker Bercow bellowed as rival tribes went to war over austerity. “This is very downmarket.” Well, it is daytime television.

“I am quite happy to run on for some considerable time,” he added. And so he did: this was the third-longest prime minister’s questions on record.

Before us, a battle of conflicting styles — Jeremy Corbyn’s big public service game against the more tricky Theresa May, with her dinks and slices — and the crowd’s…

~_~

The government has bowed to pressure and announced a task force to take over key functions of Kensington and Chelsea council in the chaos that has followed the Grenfell Tower disaster.

The three-week deadline for rehousing people made homeless by the tower block fire passed yesterday with only 14 out of 158 families in new homes.

One man, aged 70, told The Times that he had received an offer of a flat that was then withdrawn when officials realised it had been condemned as unfit for human habitation.

The man, who is staying in a budget hotel, said he had chased the Grenfell Response Team and council officials for information. “It is always me making the first move, never them,” he said.

The recovery task…

~_~

Investigators have been unable to trace the inhabitants of 23 flats LONDON METROPOLITAN POLICE SERVICE/GETTY IMAGES

Investigators are sifting by hand through more than 15 tonnes of debris on every floor of Grenfell Tower in a search for human remains that will last until the end of the year.

Scotland Yard said yesterday that specialist teams had now removed all “visible human remains” from the building in west London and taken them to Westminster mortuary.

They have recovered 87 body parts or fragments of remains, but stressed that that did not equate to 87 victims.

Their assessment is still that the death toll is at least 80 but officers believe it will rise further. Formal identification has taken place for 21 people, including two whose inquests opened yesterday: Sheila Smith, 84, was found on the 16th floor and identified from dental…

~_~

Lord Thomas of Cwmgiedd said that leaving the EU did not “affect the quality or certainty of English law” Ben Gurr for The Times

The lord chief justice hit back last night at “the lie” that Brexit would damage London’s standing as a global legal centre.

Lord Thomas of Cwmgiedd said that leaving the European Union did not “affect the quality or certainty of English law or the standing of our courts or London’s arbitration centres”.

However, there was a perception — “fuelled by our competitors for their own advantage” — that this was not the case, Lord Thomas said.

“Rumour may insinuate that English law is no longer certain; that London is no longer a safe forum to bring disputes. Such rumours are wrong and unequivocally so,” he added.

He told an audience of judges at their annual dinner hosted at the Mansion House by the lord mayor…

~_~

The BBC will be unable to justify the licence fee within a decade unless it switches from broadcasting to the internet, its director-general has warned.

Lord Hall of Birkenhead said that if the decline in the BBC’s TV and radio audiences continued, “a significant minority of licence fee payers would no longer be a part of our shared national conversation”. By the mid 2020s those not connected “might not be getting value to justify their licence fee”.

Lord Hall, introducing the corporation’s annual plan, highlighted the need to “reinvent the BBC for a new generation” as the biggest priority for the broadcaster. “Younger people watch less television than older people. They listen to less radio. And where young audiences go now, older audiences will likely…

~_~

Experts predict that there will be a 57 per cent rise in dementia cases over the next 20 years JOE GIDDENS/PA

More than 1.2 million people will have dementia within two decades as the ageing population leads to a 57 per cent rise in cases, a study projects.

The individual risk of getting dementia is falling steadily as heart health, which is linked to brain health, and education improve while smoking declines, researchers found. However, the sheer number of the very old is likely to mean a huge rise in patients, raising serious concerns about how an overstretched health system will cope.

If rising obesity means public health improvements stall, today’s 800,000 people living with dementia will more than double to almost two million by 2040, the figures suggest.

Scientists studying a sample of 18,000 older patients found that dementia rates in each age group had…

~_~

The injections, which are matched to each individual’s cancer, appeared to help the body fight the disease FRED TANNEAU/AFP/Getty Images

Patients with aggressive skin cancer have been protected from relapses after receiving the first personalised anti-tumour vaccines.

The injections, which are matched to the molecular fingerprint of each individual’s cancer, appeared to help the body fight the disease as it spread through some patients’ bodies and to safeguard others who were in remission after their cancer had come back several times.

Scientists said the therapy could be adapted to any kind of cancer. Unlike other treatments, it can also be customised when the cancer mutates, meaning that doctors could use it to attack the malignancy with every relapse.

Researchers have been trying for at least five decades to develop a vaccine that makes the immune system wipe out cancers much as it would target the…

~_~

Mike Ashley arrives at the High Court in London where he claimed that a former senior associate was a “liar” Victoria Jones/PA

The billionaire founder of Sports Direct claimed that a former senior associate was a “liar” as he angrily dismissed allegations of boozy management meetings and multimillion-pound off-the-books payments to executives.

Mike Ashley said the allegation that he had personally paid a £1 million annual bonus to Sports Direct’s former chief executive was “utter bullshit” as he gave evidence over a claim that he refused to a pay a £15 million bonus for doubling the retailer’s share price.

Mr Ashley said that Jeffrey Blue, a former investment banker and adviser to the Derbyshire-based sports retailer, had invented the payments and repeatedly denied that he had regularly handed over seven-figure sums to senior managers.

“No, no, no, no, no,” said Mr Ashley when asked if he paid…

~_~

Mohammed Hassan, who travelled from his home in northern Iraq, hid on an axle of a lorry trailer as it left Dunkirk INS

A 17-year-old refugee who feared that his family would be killed by members of Islamic State was crushed to death after he stowed away beneath a lorry bound for Britain, an inquest was told yesterday.

Mohammed Hassan, who travelled through several countries from his home in northern Iraq, hid on an axle of the lorry’s trailer as it left Dunkirk.

The Kurdish teenager ended up under the wheels when the lorry reached Banbury, Oxfordshire, as Cristian Turda, the driver, made his first delivery. Mr Turda had chosen the wrong entrance and began to reverse when he felt a bump and spotted the body in front of his vehicle in April last year.

The Oxfordshire coroner was told that the teenager would have hidden under the…

~_~

Yesterday’s Elie Saab couture show in Paris was the perfect appetite-whetter for those among the super-rich who are holding their breath for the new series of Game of Thrones this month. Against a backdrop of heraldic flags, the Beirut-based maison channelled what might best be described as Cersei chic.

The models came attired in flowing jewel-hued velvet gowns encrusted with curlicues of gold which were elaborate even by the highfalutin standards of couture. Their heads were encircled with suitably regal diadems, and each one carried a tiny velvet purse on a chain.

The trailing trumpet sleeves on those floor-sweeper frocks looked utterly King’s Landing-appropriate, if a little cumbersome. Would they not play havoc with the selfie-taking propensities of a self-styled 21st-century princess? Mais non! Things…

~_~

His public image was that of a cantankerous Englishman and, posthumously, of a misogynist and a racist. But it has emerged that, privately, Philip Larkin struggled obsessively with his weight and body image and the simple act of stepping on to the bathroom scales was enough to terrify him.

The insight into the poet’s character is revealed in an exhibition at the University of Hull — where he worked as the librarian for 30 years — for the city of culture 2017.

Monica Jones, Larkin’s lover Larkin estate/Philip Larkin Society/Uiniversity of Hul

Among artefacts on display for the first time are a set of bathroom scales given to him by one of his mistresses, a pair of large trousers and doodles of himself as a seal. Extracts from his letters on display reveal that Larkin…

~_~

Lucas Mikoliunas attacked his former teacher in the early hours of the morning outside a takeaway South West News Service

An English teacher was attacked in a city centre by a former pupil with such force that a surgeon likened his facial injuries to crushed cornflakes.

Christian Dawson, 40, who was blinded for 24 hours, suffered a crushed nose and shattered cheekbones and eye sockets. He required surgery to realign his jaw following the assault by Lucas Mikoliunas.

A court was told that the victim’s brain was “marked” and he needed complex surgery to repair his eye sockets, with surgeons warning that he could wake up blind.

Mikoliunas, 18, attacked the teacher while he was walking alone past a takeaway shop about 2am on March 17 in Hull.

Mr Dawson told Hull youth court that the defendant, whom he had never taught, had “squandered” his…

~_~

Nottingham Crown Court, where the Parczewskis were tried in their absence and convicted by a jury Rui Vieira/PA

A family of Polish slave masters who lived in luxury while forcing seven victims to live in squalor fled Britain while on bail awaiting trial.

An international hunt has begun for three members of the Parczewski family who kept the men in filthy caravans and forced one to work in a Sports Direct warehouse.

Dariusz Parczewski, 48, his wife Bozena, 47, and their son Krystian, 29, left the country before their trial for forced labour and fraud. They were tried in their absence and convicted by a jury at Nottingham crown court.

The family forced seven Polish men to live in two dirty caravans and wash in an unheated garage while they enjoyed the comfort of a house yards away.

The Parczewskis had the men’s…

~_~

Children of women who choose to be single mothers grow up just as well adjusted as those from two-parent families, a study has found.

One of the reasons may be the fact that single mothers “by choice” tended to have unusually strong social support networks, the Dutch researchers said.

Mathilde Brewaeys from the centre of expertise on gender dysphoria at the VU University Medical Centre in Amsterdam, lead author of the study, said: “Single mothers by choice and their children benefit from a good social support network, and this should be emphasised in the counselling of women who want to have and raise a child without a partner.”

Sperm donor fertility treatment is becoming a popular choice for women who wish to become pregnant without…

~_~

The devastation at the Mulberry Bush public house in Birmingham after the 1974 bombing Central Press/Getty Images

The naming of possible suspects at fresh inquests into the 1974 IRA Birmingham pub bombings has been ruled out by a senior coroner.

Peter Thornton QC said the issue of perpetrators should not be included as he published his ruling on the scope of the hearings, due this year.

Relatives of some of the 21 victims had called for the widest possible scope in their bid for “truth and justice”.

Julie Hambleton, whose sister Maxine died in the double bombings, aged 18, had said “we may as well not bother having an inquest” if the issue of suspects could not be examined. In a 15-page ruling, Mr Thornton, the former chief coroner, said: “To permit the identity of perpetrators to be within scope would be…

~_~

Gerald Laryea is accused of raping a Cambridge student after a night out in London SQUAREMILENEWS

An analyst for the accounting firm Deloitte has denied raping a drunken Cambridge University student in the back of a cab after a night out, claiming that she agreed to sex.

Gerald Laryea, 25, told Woolwich crown court yesterday that he believed the woman was “feeling fine” before they had penetrative sex on the back seat of a London taxi after a night out at the Roundhouse music venue in north London in July 2015.

The woman claims that she was too drunk to consent to sex and had been “drifting in and out of consciousness” during the black cab journey.

Mr Laryea, who worked for a different company at the time, denied that she was unconscious. Describing how they had been kissing, before engaging…

~_~

Katie Leong nearly killed her partner by pouring sulphuric acid on him LEICESTERSHIRE POLICE/PA

A woman who poured sulphuric acid on her partner as he slept has been ordered to pay him £19,300 in compensation.

Katie Leong, 52, blinded and nearly killed Daniel Rotariu, 31, at their home in Leicester in July last year. She was convicted of attempted murder in March and told that she would spend at least 17 years in prison.

Leicester crown court was told that she had £13,000 in assets, as well as £1,500 in a Post Office savings account and £4,800 lodged with her sister.

Representing herself in court yesterday, she urged Judge Nicholas Dean, QC, to allow her to keep some of her money. “Obviously I am in prison for a while and when I come out I don’t want to be…

~_~

When children huddle together around their phones, head lice are able to move between them more easily STUART WALLACE FOR THE TIMES

Smartphones are causing a rise in head lice among schoolchildren, according to scientists.

As children stand in groups to look at their phones, the insects are able to move between hosts more easily.

A study of more than 200 children found that 62.5 per cent of those who had a tablet or smartphone had picked up head lice, compared with 29.5 per cent of those without the devices.

Tess McPherson of Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, who was one of the researchers, said: “Compared to previous estimates of head lice incidence our figures were much higher, showing that almost half of children have had them in the last five years, which may not come as a surprise to parents. We also noted that children…

~_~

The speakers connect to automated systems and can be used to call for help

Smart speakers that can tell you when your test results are due, change the room temperature or lower the blinds are coming to British hospitals.

Several NHS trusts are in talks with IBM to introduce the voice-activated bedside speakers, which resemble Amazon’s Echo speakers and are already used in the US. It is understood that they will come to a number of hospitals in the next two years.

The intention is to improve patients’ experiences by helping to meet their non-medical needs and to give frailer patients greater control of their surroundings. The speakers do not only connect to automated systems but can be used to call for emergency help without pressing a nurse-call button.

It is hoped that they will cut the time that…

~_~

A mother smothered her two-year-old daughter before trying to commit suicide, a court has heard.

In the hours before the alleged murder, Cody-Anne Jackson bombarded the girl’s father with angry texts after their relationship had ended. She also sent Paul Hogan a picture with the message: “Sorry, just thought you deserved one last picture and memory of her,” Stafford crown court was told.

Mr Hogan had moved out of the family home in Fenton, Stoke-on-Trent, days before the child, Macey, was found dead by police last October.

Ms Jackson, 20, was found to have suffered superficial knife wounds after police smashed their way into the house. A note read: “I sit here thinking about killing my own daughter and then killing myself. I do not…

~_~

General Sir Nicholas Carter said that soldiers who came up with cost-cutting ideas would see some of the savings put back into their specialism Rick Findler/Press Association Archive

The army is urging soldiers of all ranks to offer ideas to save £9 billion over the next decade amid the threat of fresh cuts.

General Sir Nicholas Carter, chief of the general staff, will launch a programme in September. Soldiers who come up with successful schemes will see some savings pumped back into their line of work. “Incentivisation is critical,” Sir Nicholas said in a recent speech.

The head of the army revealed that a pilot scheme at the Royal School of Artillery in Larkhill, Wiltshire, had already produced results. The commandant of the school was made directly responsible for his £100 million annual budget.

Within the first year he managed to save £12 million. As a reward, the army returned almost half of…

~_~

Newcastle crown court, where Katherine High will be sentenced. She was found guilty of breaching health and safety regulations at her sadomasochist club Hugh Macknight/PA

The owner of a swingers’ club and sex dungeon endangered the lives of her clients by locking them in without a fire escape, a court has heard.

Katherine High, 40, breached health and safety regulations at her sadomasochist private members’ club, Vivente, where she would host as many as 60 people. The four-floor club occupied two neighbouring houses and included pool tables, bars and the basement dungeon, which was advertised as being “complete with St George’s cross, stocks, sex-swing and plenty of implements to inflict pain”.

High pleaded guilty this week to five counts of breaching regulations at Sunderland magistrates’ court. The venue has been shut down. Jim Wotherspoon, prosecuting on behalf of Sunderland city council and Tyne and Wear fire service, said that a…

~_~

Westminster council wants affordable housing included in plans for two ten-floor blocks at the ground in St John’s Wood, London English Heritage/Getty Images

In cricket terms, the pressure to include social housing in plans for blocks of luxury flats at Lord’s is a troublesome googly. The developer’s response has been to bat it away to the other end of the ground.

Westminster council wants a component of affordable housing to be included in plans for two ten-floor blocks at the Nursery End of the ground in St John’s Wood, London.

However, the developer Charles Rifkind, who is proposing developing Lord’s in conjunction with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), feels that social housing should be built away from the Nursery End blocks, which are intended to provide expensive accommodation. Instead, he wants to knock down houses in Grove End Road, at the opposite end of the ground behind the pavilion,…

~_~

The winner of the championship will be awarded $1.85 million, the first time that the prize has been given in dollars PETER BYRNE/PA

The winner of this year’s Open Championship will be paid in dollars rather than pounds because of the fall in sterling after the Brexit vote, it has been announced. The move ends more than 150 years of golfing tradition.

The R&A raised the idea earlier this year because the weak pound had eroded the value of the championship to players. Confirming the decision, Martin Slumbers, chief executive of the organisation, said: “We are operating in an increasingly global marketplace and have made the decision to award the prize fund in US dollars in recognition of the fact that it is the most widely adopted currency for prize money in golf.”

The total prize fund at the Open, which starts at Royal Birkdale in two weeks,…

~_~

Tim Spector, of King’s College London, lived and ate with the Hadza of Tanzania for three days — and recorded a 20 per cent boost in microbe diversity in his gut JEFF LEACH

The recipe to beat western diseases is simple. Take one part baobab, mix with several parts wild tubers, marinate in a soupcon of mud and, as an occasional treat, serve with a porcupine steak. It may not be to everyone’s taste, but the results are astonishing.

A scientist has suggested that we need to “rewild” our gut bacteria, after he lived and ate with an African hunter-gatherer tribe for three days — and found a huge improvement in the diversity of his microbiome.

The Hadza in Tanzania are one of the world’s last surviving pre-agricultural societies. They live in small communities amid the savannah, eating only seasonal fruits and vegetables, and hunting game and birds.

Scientists have discovered that they have some of the most…

~_~

Anjem Choudhary is reported to be among the first inmates to be housed in a special unit at HMP Frankland to tackle the behaviour of Britain’s most subversive extremist prisoners Press Association

Some of the most subversive extremist prisoners have been moved to a “jail within a jail” as part of efforts to tackle radicalisation in prisons.

The inmates are in a unit at Frankland top security jail in Co Durham, where attempts will be made to change their behaviour and return them to normal prison regimes. Anjem Choudary is among them, The Sun reported.

Two more units are to open this year, at Full Sutton prison near York and Long Lartin near Evesham in Worcestershire. Each of the three units will house about nine inmates.

Sam Gyimah, the prisons minister, said: “The most dangerous and subversive offenders are now being separated from those they seek to influence and convert.”

A review set up by Michael Gove,…

~_~

The publisher that owns the rights to Enid Blyton’s books threatened legal action against the Five Go Off on One! parody

It was meant to be a jolly jape but comedians found themselves in lashings of trouble when they tried to lampoon a much-loved series of childhood tales.

A group of Cambridge graduates planned to perform Five Go Off on One!, an affectionate parody of Enid Blyton’s sleuthing yarns, at this year’s Edinburgh Fringe festival, but they became a less-famous four after the publisher that owns the rights to the books threatened legal action.

Hachette was far from amused by the intention, revealed in the programme for the festival which begins next month, to “lovingly ridicule” the books that — before they were eclipsed by Harry Potter — were the best-selling children’s series of all time.

Maddie Mogford, the publisher’s legal director, wrote that using a…

~_~

Andrew Sloane admitted three charges of fraud after a police investigation into missing collection money at St Paul’s church in Knightsbridge Matt Dunham/Associated Press

A vicar has been convicted of stealing thousands of pounds from the church collection and persuading parishioners to transfer money to him to pay for male prostitutes.

Andrew Sloane, 63, was caught on camera stealing about £4,000 from a church safe and admitted asking three women for loans totalling £11,000. He pleaded guilty to three charges of fraud at Westminster magistrates’ court.

Sloane received a 12-month jail term suspended for two years and was ordered to pay £85 costs and a £115 victim surcharge.

Emails and texts he sent to parishioners included the phrases: “This is strictly between us as friends”, “I appreciate your discretion” and “I don’t want tittle tattle within the parish”.

Katie Bryan, for the prosecution, said: “The defendant was funding a…

~_~

As well as bills, the greatest strain for struggling families was paying expenses such as afterschool clubs and swimming lessons , researchers found Rex Features

A couple with two children need to spend £40,800 a year to reach a decent standard of living because of rising inflation and a freeze on tax credits, a study has found.

The Joseph Rowntree Foundation said that changes to the benefits system meant that single-parent families had slipped down the living standards table in the past year, while the group that has been hardest hit were couples who have one breadwinner. The think tank’s report found that families with a single earner experienced a weekly shortfall of £120 compared with the minimum income standard.

It calculated the figure using focus groups to estimate what people need for food, housing and clothing along with “opportunities and choices” such as buying Christmas presents and funding a…

~_~

British Airways cabin crew are to stage more strikes in a long-running dispute over pay. Members of the Unite union will walk out for 14 days from July 19, just three days after completing a 16-day stoppage.

Oliver Richardson, Unite’s national officer, said: “Today’s announcement of a further escalation, underlines the determination of our members in their fight for better pay and against British Airways’ bullying behaviour. We are seeing strong support for the ongoing strike action. It’s high time British Airways stopped spending millions defending low pay and its bullying approach by negotiating a settlement.”

Unite has launched legal action over a BA decision to lease aircraft from Qatar Airways during the current strike. The union said it was challenging the government’s go-ahead for…

~_~

A mysterious medieval manuscript that has baffled generations of scholars is probably the work of a 15th century Jewish physician living in northern Italy. The Voynich Manuscript contains hundreds of illustrations of plants including cannabis and opium poppies, bathing women and cosmological phenomena, with a text in no known language.

Michael Voynich, a Polish book dealer, bought the manuscript from a Jesuit library in Italy in 1912 Fine Art Images/Heritage Images/Getty Images

The new theory has been proposed by Stephen Skinner, an expert on medieval treatises, who has written the introduction to a new edition. If correct it will provide a way into the manuscript, which had defied all attempts to decipher it. The clue that the author was Jewish, says Dr Skinner, is an illustration which shows a mikvah, a ritual cleansing performed by Jewish women after childbirth or menstruation. There are also drawings of castles…

~_~

Furzey Island, in Poole Harbour. A clear view of Poole Bay can add tens of thousands of pounds to property values, which may be why a vandal has destroyed several pine trees Chris Ison/Press Association Archive

A vandal who killed three pine trees to improve views of the sea is feared to have struck again — by damaging six young trees planted to replace them.

Three 30ft tall Scots pines in Bournemouth were killed last year when someone drilled holes in their trunks and poured in a powerful herbicide. The dead trees have been left standing while six saplings planted three months ago to replace them take root.

In the latest attack, the culprit climbed a wire fence and cut off sections of bark. It is not known whether the young trees will survive.

The trees are in front of apartment buildings where flats sell for up to £500,000. A clear view of Poole Bay can add tens of thousands of…

~_~

Hedgehogs were spotted in fewer gardens last year, in the third consecutive annual decline in sightings of the threatened mammal recorded by Britain’s largest wildlife survey.

Hedgehogs were seen in 61 per cent of gardens in 2016, down from 63 per cent the previous year, according to the RSPB survey involving 159,000 properties.

In 2013, the first year for which the RSPB has data on hedgehogs from its annual Big Garden Birdwatch, they were seen in 67 per cent of gardens.

They were regular visitors to only a quarter of gardens last year. The proportion of gardens in which hedgehogs were seen at least once a month fell from 28 per cent in 2013 to 24 per cent last year.

The hedgehog population is thought…

~_~

Britain needs to build 50 villages like Poundbury, the Prince of Wales’s pet housing project, to solve a shortage of homes that is forcing young people into towns and isolating older people who are left behind, a peer said yesterday.

Lord Best, crossbench chairman of the all-party parliamentary group on housing and care for older people, said that 50 garden villages on “the Poundbury model” were required, despite the objections that such projects were bound to produce.

His comments coincide with the Rural Coalition warning in a letter to The Times today that a lack of affordable housing risks turning parts of the countryside into “enclaves of the affluent”. The group, which represents 12 organisations including the Campaign to Protect Rural England, the National Farmers…

~_~

This ambulance found itself in a tight spot on the way to an incident in Dorset SaveDinahsHollow/BNPS

An ambulance had to abandon an emergency call after becoming trapped against a lorry in a narrow village street. It became firmly wedged while trying to pass a lorry that had been diverted through Melbury Abbas, near Shaftesbury in Dorset. Unable to move, the crew had to radio for another ambulance to be sent to the emergency instead (writes Simon de Bruxelles).

Residents blamed the incident on a a controversial traffic management scheme instigated by Dorset county council. The scheme — to divert southbound HGVs off the main road, the A350, in order to reduce traffic flows — means that lorries are now required to take a detour through the village from which they were previously banned. Residents say that the diversion has resulted in dozens of…

~_~

A year ago, in the maelstrom of the Brexit result, Justine Greening tweeted: “Today’s a good day to say I’m in a happy same-sex relationship, I campaigned for Stronger In but sometimes you’re better off out!”

Twelve months on I’ve spoken to the education secretary and equalities minister for a Red Box podcast on Politics and Pride in advance of this weekend’s Pride march in London.

She says that she was overwhelmed by the positive reaction. “I was at the Stonewall hustings during the election campaign and just nipped into the ladies afterwards. There was a girl in there who said to me, ‘That tweet was amazing and actually gave me the confidence to talk to my parents about my sexuality’.”

For many in the…

~_~

Yesterday I spoke at the Women’s Aid annual conference.

Their organisation has been at the vanguard of changing attitudes to domestic abuse over decades and the work they and other domestic abuse charities do is vital in supporting the victims of these appalling crimes.

The issue of domestic violence is something that has too often been in the shadows. They work every day to bring it into the open and to stand up for women and girls.

I recently visited a refuge in the West Midlands. I met a woman there who told me that she had been brought over to the UK as part of an arranged marriage, and then she was abused by her new husband. She did not speak good English and…

~_~

Jockeying for this year’s autumn budget has begun unusually early this year. After seven years of restraint, the government has come under pressure from Labour and members of its own cabinet to loosen the purse strings – most notably the public sector pay cap – to shore up services and living standards.

But an even bigger concern is putting pressure on the Treasury coffers: the worsening living standards of families on low incomes, people who are just about managing at best. New analysis for JRF by Loughborough University today shows how workers on low incomes are seeing their living standards fall backwards.

The Minimum Income Standard (MIS) acts as a barometer on living standards. It is based on a basket of goods and services that…

~_~

Public sector pay is not often thought about as a race issue. Yet in schools there is evidence to suggest that changes to wages is indeed becoming a bone of contention for black and ethnic minority teachers.

A new report, released today, surveyed 12,000 teachers and shows that the introduction of performance-related pay is raising significant alarm among BME teachers. This is because it disproportionately disadvantages them by not recognising the intangible tasks they often have to undertake and by not rewarding the “value-added” contributions they make.

This issue intersects with wider complaints from BME teachers about how they are perceived and treated by senior managers. Over half of BME teachers in the NASUWT survey in 2016 reported that they were not viewed as professionals…

~_~

The more the row about public sector pay intensifies, the more detached from reality the discourse gets. A casual observer of the news could easily conclude that the public sector consists entirely of firefighters, police and nurses. In reality they make up less than 10 per cent of the 5.4 million-strong public sector workforce.

There has been a squeeze on wages across the board over the last few years but this has not been confined to the public sector. Tim Worstall, a research fellow for the Adam Smith Institute, pointed out earlier in the week that, actually, the pain has been more acute in the private sector.

According to the Office for Manpower Economics, whose work feeds through to pay bodies, the decline in median…

~_~

Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

In a two-part special to mark Pride week, Red Box examines where the battles now lie for the LGBTQ community. Matt Chorley is joined by James Holt from Pride, the Times columnist Matthew Parris, the Labour MP Angela Eagle and the SNP’s Stewart McDonald.

The big questions up for debate: is it no longer a big deal to be a gay politician, how important are labels, and was there surprise at the reaction to the DUP deal? Plus: Angela Eagle recalls becoming first female MP to come out in office and Matthew Parris remembers inadvertently outing Peter Mandelson on TV in 1998.

In the next episode Matt will speak to Justine Greening, the education secretary and equalities minister, about how the government can tackle homophobia.

~_~

In a two-part special to mark Pride week, Red Box examines where the battles now lie for the LGBTQ community. Matt Chorley is joined by James Holt from Pride, the Times columnist Matthew Parris, the Labour MP Angela Eagle and the SNP’s Stewart McDonald.

The big questions up for debate: is it no longer a big deal to be a gay politician, how important are labels, and was there surprise at the reaction to the DUP deal? Plus: Angela Eagle recalls becoming first female MP to come out in office and Matthew Parris remembers inadvertently outing Peter Mandelson on TV in 1998.

In the next episode Matt will speak to Justine Greening, the education secretary and equalities minister, about how the government can tackle homophobia.

~_~

Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

Having a blast: Kim Jong-un celebrates the test launch of his Hwasong-14 missile, which he said was an Independence Day gift for the US KCNA/Reuters

The United States threatened military action against North Korea last night if the international community does not seize a fading opportunity to impose tougher sanctions and meaningful diplomatic pressure on Pyongyang.

Nikki Haley, the US ambassador to the United Nations, told an emergency meeting of the security council that North Korea’s launch of a missile capable of hitting the American mainland was “a clear and sharp military escalation” that demanded a fresh approach in response.

She said the US would use its “considerable” military forces “if we must” but preferred to pursue other options first, including — in a barely veiled reference to China — using trade to punish countries whose economic support sustains the regime in Pyongyang.

Russia and China, whose leaders will both…

~_~

G20 protesters coated in clay stagger like zombies through Hamburg yesterday in a demonstration against capitalism and the failure to tackle climate change Fabian Bimmer/Reuters

President Trump has been promised an enthusiastic welcome in Warsaw today as he warms up for tricky encounters at the G20 with President Putin of Russia and President Xi of China.

Hundreds of rural supporters of Poland’s nationalist ruling party are being bussed in from the provinces for Mr Trump’s lunchtime speech on the future of the US-EU relationship.

The president will travel tonight to Germany for his first face-to-face meeting with Mr Putin and an encounter with Mr Xi that will be overshadowed by American concerns that China is doing too little to restrain North Korea.

Angela Merkel greeting President Xi in Berlin. China has lent two pandas to the city’s zoo to symbolise warming relations Michele Tantussi/Getty Images

Angela Merkel, who is hosting the G20 summit, said that she was preparing for “difficult discussions” tomorrow and on Saturday in Hamburg. She remained determined to hold leaders…

~_~

Libya’s most powerful military commander has declared victory in the three-year battle to liberate Benghazi from jihadist militias.

Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar announced that his troops had seized the final district of Libya’s second city from extremists, including fighters loyal to Islamic State.

“Benghazi has entered into a new era of safety and peace,” said General Haftar, dressed in a white uniform during a televised address. "Your armed forces declare to you the liberation of Benghazi from terrorism, a full liberation and a victory of dignity.”

The victory marks a major advance for the Gaddafi-era commander, who is backed by Egypt and UAE, and now controls most of east Libya and the country's oil crescent. It bolsters his chances of becoming the country’s new military…

~_~

Doha's diplomatic area. Qatar is accused of funding terrorism, claims that it says are being used by neighbouring states to generate support in the West Fadi Al-Assaad/Reuters

Qatar has criticised the “clear aggression” of its Gulf neighbours after they refused to negotiate terms of the blockade, leaving the region in an uneasy political stalemate.

Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman al-Thani, Qatar’s foreign minister, said that Saudi Arabia and the UAE had been the ringleaders in the dispute in which they, with Egypt and Bahrain, have cut diplomatic and economic ties with the country.

Qatar claims that the bloc has used accusations that it funded terrorism to generate support in the West.

The four allies met in Cairo yesterday to discuss Qatar’s response to 13 demands, from cutting off funds to terrorist groups to severing most links with Iran and shutting down its state-sponsored news channel, Al Jazeera.

The four foreign ministers bemoaned Qatar’s…

~_~

Laetitia Avia said she was frightened and defended herself ERIC FEFERBERG/GETTY IMAGES

An MP from President Macron’s party who was held up as a symbol of French political regeneration has been accused of biting a taxi driver.

Laetitia Avia, 31, was embroiled in controversy yesterday 24 hours after Édouard Philippe, the prime minister, cited her as an example of the new faces that had entered parliament with Mr Macron’s La République en Marche.

She is among 174 political novices who had never stood in an election before becoming MPs for Mr Macron’s movement in last month’s parliamentary poll. Critics say that they were screened hastily by party leaders who never met many of the candidates before they were chosen to stand.

Le Canard Enchaîné, a satirical weekly, revealed that police had been called out after an argument…

~_~

Rex Tillerson said that Russia had a responsibility to stop the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime Reuters

Rex Tillerson, the US secretary of state, promised to work with Russia to establish no-fly zones in Syria as he prepared to join President Trump for a series of key talks at the G20 summit in Hamburg.

Mr Trump will have his first face-to-face meeting with President Putin since taking office. The two have been at odds over Syria after a US cruise missile struck a regime airbase in retaliation for an apparent chemical weapons attack on civilians.

Mr Tillerson said that Russia had a “special responsibility” to help create stability and strengthen the international resolve against Islamic State.

“The United States is prepared to explore the possibility of establishing with Russia joint mechanisms for ensuring stability, including no-fly zones, on the ground ceasefire observers,…

~_~

Israel is pushing the United States and Russia to guarantee a buffer zone in southern Syria where Hezbollah and other Iranian-backed militias will not be allowed to operate, sources in the Middle East have told The Times.

The Israelis have been present on the sidelines of talks in Amman between the Americans and the Russians to negotiate the future of southern Syria.

Defence sources confirmed that Binyamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister, had raised the issue of a buffer zone in talks with both President Trump and President Putin. It would extend more than 30 miles east of the Golan Heights, well past the city of Deraa, which is the direct subject of the Russian-US talks. The zone would touch upon the town of Suweida,…

~_~

Ashutosh Maharaj, whose movement is worth an estimated £77 million, suffered a heart attack in 2014 but his disciples insist that he did not die but merely entered a state of deep meditation Getty Images

The body of a spiritual guru can remain in a freezer because disciples believe him to be in a state of deep meditation from which he will eventually return to life, a court in India has ruled.

Judges dismissed a petition from relatives who wish to thaw his body and cremate it, overturning a previous ruling that declared the guru clinically dead.

Ashutosh Maharaj, founder of the highly lucrative Divine Light Awakening Mission, died of an apparent heart attack in January 2014. Since then, his body has been stored in a commercial freezer on his ashram in the northwestern state of Punjab.

The Punjab and Haryana high court dismissed a petition by Dalip Kumar Jha, who claims to be the guru’s son, to have Mr…

~_~

Um Jad holds her daughter Suha, 2, in the refugee camp where they live, having fled Mosul. Hundreds of children have been left shellshocked by their time in the city under Islamic State, Save the Children says Ahma Baroudi/Save the Children/Press Association

When a bullet from an Islamic State sniper killed her brother, Sara, 11, passed out in shock. “I felt my soul squeezed so hard,” she says, recalling how his body lay for a day outside their home in Mosul.

The trauma did not end with losing a sibling. Sara is one of thousands of Iraqi children who have been psychologically scarred by the brutal fight to retake Mosul from Isis.

They need urgent psychological support lasting years to prevent lifelong damage, according to Save the Children. The charity says there are signs of “toxic stress”, where the mind is constantly in “fight or flight” mode, with some numbed and left “robotic”. About 90 per cent are said to have lost a loved one to violence…

~_~

A Holocaust survivor who went on to become France’s most-admired stateswoman is to be buried in the Panthéon in Paris, President Macron has announced.

He conferred the rare honour at a state memorial ceremony yesterday for Simone Veil, whose death on June 30, aged 89, prompted an outpouring of praise and affection for the woman who symbolised the humanitarian ideal to which France aspires.

A champion of the legalisation of abortion as health minister in the 1970s, she becomes only the fourth woman to be interred for her own achievements in the secular temple in the Latin quarter of Paris. A total of 75 men have been interred — usually physically, but sometimes symbolically — since the Panthéon was created from a church there in the 1790s.…

~_~

Turkey’s 12-year attempt to join the EU could end in failure today as the European parliament votes on whether to halt membership negotiations.

A draft report published by the foreign affairs committee last month called for membership talks to be formally suspended because of concerns about President Erdogan’s authoritarianism and the country’s worsening human rights record. In particular, it raises the issue of the constitutional amendments that were passed in a referendum in April, which give Mr Erdogan sweeping new powers.

The renewed conflict in the Kurdish-majority eastern regions, now entering its third year, is also raised in the report.

The motion put forward by Kati Piri, the European parliament’s rapporteur on Turkey, recommends that instead of full membership the country’s relationship with the EU…

~_~

Johanna Ruf was a 15-year-old nurse when she slapped the nine-year-old son of Joseph Goebbels because he was being cheeky CEN

A woman believed to be the last survivor from the final days inside Hitler’s Berlin bunker has published her memoirs, including an account of how she slapped the nine-year-old son of Joseph Goebbels because he was being cheeky.

Johanna Ruf, 88, was 15 in April 1945 when she served as a nurse in a makeshift dressing station beneath Hitler’s Reich Chancellery adjoining the bunker, treating soldiers wounded in the final battle. She says she never met Hitler but did see Goebbels when the Nazi propaganda minister walked in for a pep talk. “Old Goebbels visited us in the hospital,” she told Bild newspaper. “He wanted to motivate us. He said, ‘Final victory is at the door.’ But only the Russians were at the door.”

Ms…

~_~

Muddy floodwaters engulf homes in the city of Asakura, in Fukuoka; 870,000 people were told to flee Getty Images

Hunreds of thousands of Japanese were ordered to evacuate their homes after landslides and flood waters in the south of the country engulfed homes following two days of unprecedentedly heavy rain.

The meteorological office issued emergency warnings and at least 18 people were reported missing, feared dead.

One 93-year old man was confirmed dead in Hiroshima prefecture on the island of Honshu, and an unknown number of others were missing after more than 30 inches of rain fell within nine hours.

“We are in an extremely serious situation,” Japan’s deputy prime minister, Taro Aso, admitted as ministers held an emergency meeting to discuss the disaster. Chief cabinet secretary, Yoshihide Suga, declined to discuss numbers.

“There are many reports of people whose safety cannot be confirmed,”…

~_~

Cyril Ramaphosa has emerged as the most likely next leader of South Africa’s ANC party GIANLUIGI GUERCIA/AFP/Getty Images

Cyril Ramaphosa has emerged from an ANC conference as the most likely next leader of the party after delegates rejected President Zuma’s radical plan to move against “white capital”.

Mr Ramaphosa, the deputy president, has called for a more “sustainable” approach to alleviating poverty in South Africa.

Mr Zuma’s reputation has taken a battering after a series of corruption and cronyism scandals, and he had sought to curry favour with ANC members by proposing nationalistic policies, including white-land grabs, bank nationalisation and speeding up the transfer to black ownership of mining companies.

He is due to step down as ANC leader at the end of the year and is pushing for his former wife, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, to take over — a move, critics say, intended to…

~_~

Jose Regnault was one of the opposition politicians hurt in the attack Miguel Gutierrez/EPA

Dozens of armed pro-government activists stormed the Venezuelan parliament yesterday, leaving three opposition politicians injured.

Tareck El Aissami, the vice-president, had earlier encouraged people to head for the National Assembly in Caracas on the country’s independence day, to show their support for President Maduro.

Many turned up with iron poles and sticks and stormed the building, attacking opposition members and letting off fireworks.

John Saville, Britain’s ambassador to Venezuela, tweeted: “I condemn the grotesque attack against [parliament] and its deputies. To really achieve peace it must act democratically and without violence.”

Heather Nauert, US state department spokesman, said: “This violence, perpetrated during the celebration of Venezuela’s independence, is an assault on the democratic principles cherished by the men and women who struggled for Venezuela’s independence…

~_~

More than 85,000 migrants have arrived in Italy this year CARLO HERMANN/AFP/Getty Images

Italy is to open six more “hotspots” for processing migrants and asylum seekers, officials announced yesterday, as justice and home affairs ministers prepared to meet in the Estonian capital of Tallinn today to address Europe’s immigration crisis.

The hotspots, in Sicily, Sardinia and the southern region of Calabria, will supplement four centres with an official capacity of 1,700 people. More than 85,000 migrants have arrived in Italy this year, an increase of almost 20 per cent on the same period last year.

With thousands being picked up on busy days, the numbers threaten to overwhelm Italy’s reception capacity and prevent the satisfactory integration of those entitled to asylum.

Italy wants the support of European Union partners in attempting to block would-be migrants before they enter…

~_~

Visitors to the windswept upper reaches of Mount Etna in Sicily this week could be forgiven for thinking they had stumbled on to the set of Star Wars.

At an altitude of 2,500m (8,200ft) on the southern flank of Europe’s most active volcano, scientists from the German Aerospace Centre are testing four-wheeled exploration robots on terrain similar to what they expect to find on the moon. The experiment is part of the Robotic Exploration of Extreme Environments (Robex) programme, backed by Britain, the US and Italy.

The “moon analogue” mission to the Piano del Lago plateau will also provide useful information on Etna itself, as part of the experiment involves transporting seismometers on a rover and placing them with a robotic arm. On the moon,…

~_~

Paul Guschlbauer from Austria hangs from a paraglider. He is one of the contestants chasing Christian “The Eagle” Maurer of Switzerland global-newsroom.com

A 34-year-old Swiss man known as “the Eagle” yesterday strengthened his lead in one of the world’s most gruelling races: an all-out dash by paraglider and on foot across the Alps, from Salzburg to Monaco.

Christian Maurer touched down in Austria after covering 553 miles since Sunday in the Red Bull X-Alps, a course of 700 miles through the mountains that the organisers call “the world’s toughest adventure race”.

In four days, he hiked 115 miles and flew for 438 miles, spending 17 hours in the air, flying as high as 12,000ft.

The rules are simple: from 5am to 10.30pm every day, the 29 contestants from seven countries must clamber up mountains to launch themselves under their fabric wings, then ride ascending currents to soar…

~_~

Wreckage from the Malaysia Airlines jet shot down over Ukraine in July 2014 with the loss of 298 lives. No one has yet been charged but prosecutions will be brought in the Hague under Dutch law MAXIM ZMEYEV/REUTERS

The fighters suspected of shooting down a Malaysia Airlines jet in eastern Ukraine three years ago will be prosecuted in The Hague under Dutch law.

The decision was made by Australia, Belgium, Malaysia, Ukraine and the Netherlands after Russia vetoed proposals to set up an international tribunal at the UN.

Although no suspects have been charged yet, the joint investigation claims to have “extensive” evidence on about 100 people likely to include Russian military personnel and Ukrainian separatist rebels. So far only two Russian-speaking men, named but not verified as Andrey Ivanovich, also known as “Orion”, and Nikolay Fiodorovich, using the pseudonym “Delfin”, have been identified as possible suspects.

Flight MH17 from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down on July 17, 2014, with the…

~_~

Previous searches of the southern Indian Ocean for the lost Malaysian aircraft had failed to pinpoint its location Paul Kane/Getty Images

Australian scientists say they have discovered “precisely” where the lost flight MH370 rests on the Indian Ocean floor and are mounting new efforts to solve the world’s most expensive aviation mystery.

Oceanographers at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), the vast Australian science organisation, revealed its latest research last night using sophisticated ocean current modelling.

The scientists said they were confident that the Boeing 777, which disappeared in March 2014 with 239 aboard, lay in a small pocket of Indian Ocean seabed missed by the aerial and underwater searches for the plane.

“We think we know quite precisely where the plane is,” Dr David Griffiin told a conference in Darwin.

He said that although the almost two-year, £106 million underwater search for MH…

~_~

Israel is to become India’s largest arms supplier this year after the prime ministers of both countries signed agreements that will also lead to them sharing advanced military and satellite technology.

Narendra Modi and Binyamin Netanyahu were keen to portray the agreements as historic and to emphasise their personal friendship. Mr Modi’s visit is the first to Israel by an Indian leader, and Mr Netanyahu accepted an invitation to visit India this year.

Last year, India was the world’s biggest weapon importer, accounting for 13 per cent of the official arms trade, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute.

It spent about £464 million on Israeli-made equipment, making Israel its third-largest supplier, behind Russia and the US. Israel is on course to lead the…

~_~

Malcolm Turnbull meeting President Trump during a visit to New York in May BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/Getty

Australia is putting pressure on US technology companies to break into encrypted messages sent by suspected terrorists and turn the information over to intelligence agencies.

Malcolm Turnbull, the Australian prime minister, expects to be joined by Theresa May and Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, to push for action at the G20 summit on Friday: “This whole issue is a massive one,” Mr Turnbull said today. “It is one that will be the subject of some very frank discussions.

“We are in a position now where increasingly police and security agencies can intercept telecommunications but they cannot read them."

US tech companies have been reluctant to break open their messaging systems, which allow terrorists to “go dark” and avoid detection, even in counterterrorism cases. Apple refused…

~_~

The bear crashed past Elliot Clark as it fell to the ground

An 11-year-old boy armed with a shotgun killed a brown bear as it charged at him on a fishing trip in Alaska.

The bear was so close to Elliot Clark that its body slid by him after crashing to the ground. There were powder burns on its mouth from the gun shot.

“What a shot. What bravery,” Shelley Hughes, a senator for Alaska and a family friend, wrote on Facebook.

Elliot was walking through woods near to Game Creek in southern Alaska with his uncle, Craig Stoltzfus, his uncle’s father and a cousin last month.

“There were four of them in a line,” Elliot’s father, Lucas Clark, a bear hunting guide who was not on the trip, told the Juneau Empire newspaper. “My son was…

~_~

Fixed-term gas and electricity contracts often include exit fees but Ofgem rules bar companies from charging these during the final 49 days of a contract Andrew Milligan/PA

British Gas is being investigated by the energy regulator over concerns that it may have wrongly told customers they would be charged up to £60 for switching to a different supplier.

Ofgem said that it had opened an investigation into Britain’s biggest energy supplier to examine whether it had breached licence conditions related to charging exit fees. If found to have breached licence conditions it could face a fine.

Fixed-term gas and electricity contracts are typically cheaper than indefinite standard variable tariffs, but often include exit fees that penalise a customer if they switch before the contract term is up.

Ofgem rules bar companies from charging these fees during the final 49 days of a contract, termed the “switching period”, so that they can sign…

~_~

Bovis reiterated today that it is slowing its rate of production to deal with issues of build quality Rui Vieira/PA

Bovis Homes has set aside a further £3.5 million to cover compensation and remedial work for customers affected by its poor-quality building as it tries to move on from a scandal that rocked the housebuilder at the start of the year.

In January, Bovis was discovered to be offering customers as much as £3,000 to move into unfinished homes in a desperate attempt to reach City targets of building 4,000 homes a year.

The cash offer was revealed days after the housebuilder’s chief executive, David Ritchie, had unexpectedly resigned after a shock post-Christmas profit warning.

Customers who were asked by Bovis to complete on their homes early claimed there were many issues with the properties, including windows still needing to be installed, gardens or porches…

~_~

Sales were up 13 per cent at Primark this year driven by it opening more shops Neil Hall/Reuters

There may be pain on the British high street but the tills are still ringing at Primark where strong third quarter trading has led to its owner forecasting a “marginally” better outlook for the year.

Associated British Foods said that its overall performance in the third quarter was ahead of forecast after “stronger profit delivery” from its discount clothing retailer Primark.

Sales at Primark are up 13 per cent in the year to date driven by increased selling space as the retailer opened more shops and growth in like-for-like sales.

AB Foods said that during the third quarter Primark had performed particularly well in the UK where sales were 9 per cent ahead of last year, helping to increase the brand’s share of the total…

~_~

The bailed-out bank is reported to be close to settlement with US authorities over the sale of subprime mortgage bonds Dan Kitwood/Getty Images

Royal Bank of Scotland was trading at one-month highs amid reports that it could reach a settlement over the misselling of toxic mortgage bonds with American officials within days.

The government-owned bank is on the brink of agreeing a multibillion-pound deal with US regulators, Sky News reported. The settlement with the Federal Housing Finance Agency could be announced before the weekend, as lawyers look at the details, but may come next week.

News that RBS was set to cross another bridge on its path to the return to private hands sent its shares up 4¾p to 260½p. The taxpayer holds a 71 per cent stake in the bank, having paid £45.5 billion to bail it out at the height of the financial crisis.

The FTSE…

~_~

Reckitt Benckiser, the maker of well-known consumer goods brands, said that some of the revenue lost would be permanent Stephen Hird/Reuters

Reckitt Benckiser, the maker of Dettol, Strepsils and Durex condoms, has downgraded its forecasts for revenue growth after being hit by the global ransomware cyberattack last month.

The consumer goods group said that the attack had disrupted its ability to manufacture and distribute products to customers in multiple markets.

“Consequently, we were unable to ship and invoice some orders to customers prior to the close of the quarter. Some of our factories are currently still not operating normally but plans are in place to return to full operation,” the company said in an update.

A new goods and services tax in India has also hit sales.

Reckitt cut its expectations for full-year net like-for-like revenue growth to 2 per cent from 3 per cent previously.

~_~

Worldpay’s shares will be delisted from the London Stock Exchange as it becomes the latest UK technology company to fall into foreign hands Philippe Wojazer/Reuters

Worldpay has agreed terms for a takeover by its US rival Vantiv to create a $20 billion global payments group in a deal that brings multimillion-pound windfalls to a handful of top City figures including around £29 million for the chief executive, Philip Jansen.

The 385p cash and shares offer for Britain’s biggest plastic card payments processor, thrashed out in frantic overnight negotiations after a leak on Tuesday, means that the vice-chairman, Ron Kalifa, and chief financial officer, Richard Medlock, stand to benefit to the tune of £22 million and £21 million respectively.

John Allan, a non-executive director of Worldpay and the chairman of Tesco, is in line for a paper gain of around £7 million. It is his second big payday; he was one…

~_~

Policymakers at the US Federal Reserve have signalled that they are ready to begin unwinding the central bank’s $4 trillion quantitative easing programme within months, despite the weak rate of inflation in America.

Minutes of the Fed’s rate-setting meeting in June showed officials were divided over the timing of when to make the historic move to withdraw slowly the stimulus that has been propping up the US economy since 2008.

Some members of the federal open market committee want to reduce the central bank’s portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities by the end of August, but others are keen to wait until later in the year when they might have more proof that inflation would pick up.

The Fed’s preferred measure of underlying inflation…

~_~

The Financial Conduct Authority said that 19 per cent of deals were preceded by abnormal price movements in the two days before the announcement Paul Hackett/Reuters

Almost one in five takeover announcements last year was preceded by suspicious or otherwise unusual share price movements, casting doubt over the Financial Conduct Authority’s efforts to stem insider trading.

In its report for the year to the end of March, published yesterday, the watchdog said that 19 per cent of deals had been preceded by abnormal price movements in the two days before the announcement, the same as in 2015.

Its failure to improve the “market cleanliness” statistic for takeover announcements will be regarded as disappointing given that the incidence had fallen to 15.2 per cent in 2014 after a crackdown by the FCA and its predecessor, the Financial Services Authority.

Observers said the figures could, in part, stem from the crisis of confidence…

~_~

Apparently, Britain has a housing crisis. Here’s what it looks like: first-half operating margins “comfortably” ahead of the 25.7 per cent achieved in the second half of last year; cash returns to shareholders of £2.85 billion by the end of 2021; and, by the same date, a potential £600 million bonus for the top 150 executives.

Yes, it’s mean to pick on Persimmon, Britain’s biggest housebuilder. It’s just produced a first-half trading update that it justifiably calls “excellent”: revenues up 12 per cent to £1.66 billion, lifted by about half the customers using Help to Buy; forward sales 18 per cent higher at £1.6 billion; and average selling prices 3.5 per cent ahead at £213,000. It’s building more houses, too, with completions up 8 per…

~_~

One of the more contentious claims put about by Brexiteers is that the European Union is a protectionist racket. This may have been true in the distant past when it adopted a fortress Europe approach to trade with the rest of the world. But it hasn’t been true for at least 30 years when the EU emerged as one of the principal architects of the Uruguay round of global trade liberalisation finalised in 1994. Since then, the EU has been a leading advocate for trade liberalisation. Its average tariff is about 3 per cent, with low tariffs on almost everything except agricultural products — a point that Brexiteers implicitly acknowledge when they insist that the UK has nothing to fear from trading with the EU on…

~_~

All advanced nations are struggling with slowing productivity but Britain is going backwards, a problem for living standards as costs remain stubbornly high, giving no leeway to lower prices or to raise wages Michael Fresco/Evening Standard/Getty Images

Last year Britain seemed to be escaping its low productivity trap. By the end of 2016, output per hour was growing at 1.4 per cent, almost as fast as at any point since the end of the recession, and the level of productivity had just passed its 2007 record — a watershed moment. Productivity growth was still weak by historic standards, when it was expanding at roughly 2.25 per cent a year, but the UK appeared to be getting back to normal.

Hence the disappointment yesterday when productivity relapsed. Almost every advanced nation has suffered a sharp productivity slowdown since 2008 but the UK has gone backwards. The implications are severe. Only by becoming more productive can we see living standards improve. When we do…

~_~

Hopes that Britain’s chronic problem of low productivity was receding have been dealt a blow by official figures showing that the key measure of national prosperity has fallen for the first time since 2015.

Productivity, as measured by output per hour, shrank by 0.5 per cent in the three months to March compared with the previous quarter, the Office for National Statistics said. The setback, after a year of solid growth, means that the UK economy is still less productive than it was at the end of 2007 just before the financial crisis.

Almost every advanced nation is struggling with stagnant productivity but the issue is particularly acute in Britain, where there has been no growth in almost a decade. As a result, Britons today…

~_~

Mark Hoban, the former City minister, is optimistic about a post-Brexit deal with the EU Rex Features

Britain could add £43 billion to its economy by 2025 despite Brexit by developing its regions and focusing on new technology.

That is the conclusion of a report on the future of financial services by PWC and TheCityUK that argues that Brexit poses a challenge but is also an opportunity for wide-scale change.

To achieve it, the government must do more to co-ordinate departments and collaborate with industry. Banks, insurers and asset managers must “focus on rebuilding trust, embedding more ethical and customer-centric behaviours”, the report said. London would remain the main centre but other areas would also benefit.

Three quarters of the incremental benefit would be outside the capital, with areas such as Birmingham attracting more business and building on decisions by HSBC and…

~_~

Persimmon has benefited from Help to Buy, with almost half its sales involving the scheme Owen Humphreys/PA

One of Britain’s biggest housebuilders has reported an “excellent” trading performance but argued that a review of the green belt was needed.

Persimmon, a FTSE 100 company, said that the number of homes it had sold increased by 8 per cent to 7,794 in the six months to the end of June compared with the same period last year.

The company’s average selling price for its homes increased by 3.5 per cent to £213,000 and its revenues rose by 12 per cent to £1.66 billion. It ended the first half of the year with a cash balance of £1.1 billion and expects its operating margin in the first half of this year to “comfortably exceed” the 25.7 per cent delivered in the second half of…

~_~

Sources played down any suggestion that the changes to the committee were an attempt to smooth the way for any imminent departure by António Horta-Osório CARL COURT/AFP/Getty Images

António Horta-Osório has reshuffled the top management at Lloyds Banking Group in a move that brings forward three potential candidates to replace him as chief executive when he eventually stands down.

George Culmer is one of three executives, all in their early fifties, whose changing roles indicate that they are seen as potential successors to Mr Horta-Osório, who has previously been linked with the top job at HSBC.

Mr Culmer will remain as chief financial officer but takes on responsibility for the legal and strategy teams and for Lloyds Development Capital, the bank’s private equity arm.

Also promoted are Juan Colombás, who has a new role as chief operating officer bringing together various functions including transformation and IT, and David Oldfield. Mr Oldfield is replacing…

~_~

Apartments near the top of the Shard were expected to fetch up to £50 million Rex Features

Ten luxury apartments at the top of the Shard have still not been sold four years after Britain’s tallest building opened to the public.

The apartments on the 53rd to 65th floors of the 1,016ft-high building were meant to fetch up to £50 million each and are the highest homes built in London. The Shard’s penthouse flat stands at 735ft, placing it just below the public viewing platform on the 72nd floor that costs £30.95 to access and attracts up to 6,000 visitors a day.

A year after the Shard opened, Baron Phillips, a spokesman for Irvine Sellar, the visionary and determined developer behind the Shard who died in February, told the media that the apartments would be launched for sale in the autumn of…

~_~

Dame Carolyn McCall has been interviewed by the broadcaster, according to reports Jacky Naegelen/Reuters

The chief executive of Easyjet emerged last night as the top candidate to be the new chief executive of ITV.

Dame Carolyn McCall is understood to have been interviewed for the role to succeed Adam Crozier, who left the broadcaster at the end of June after seven years in charge.

Other executives on the ITV shortlist, according to The Guardian, are Paul Geddes, chief executive of Direct Line, the insurer, and Rob Woodward, the outgoing chief executive of STV, which holds the ITV franchise for Scotland.

A spokeswoman for the broadcaster declined to comment last night.

The hunt for Mr Crozier’s successor is being led by ITV chairman Sir Peter Bazalgette, the former creative chief and chairman of Big Brother maker Endemol, who took over…

~_~

What do antique renovation and deep sea diving have in common? More than you might think, says Guy Chenevix-Trench, owner of Antiques by Design, which takes cricket bats and balls, World War II gas masks and musical instruments and turns them into collectible lamps.

Mr Chenevix-Trench, 61, began as a North Sea diver at the age of 19, welding pipelines up to 600ft under the sea. “Four of you live in the tiniest of decompression chambers, working 12 to 15 hours a day. When you’re at the bottom of the North Sea, you don’t necessarily have everything you want; you’ve got to cobble stuff together. So I’ve always been quite a good cobbler, getting things together and making something of it.”

When he tired of…

~_~

Business optimism in the services sector has fallen to one of its lowest levels since 2011 Stefan Rousseau/PA

Growth in the UK’s dominant services sector eased slightly in June but still points towards the economy expanding at a faster pace this quarter after a disappointing start to the year.

The purchasing managers’ index for services, which is considered one of the most reliable indicators of how the sector is faring, slipped from 53.8 in May to 53.4 in June, with businesses reporting the weakest growth in new work since September last year.

Any level above 50 indicates growth and June was the 11th consecutive month in which the sector had expanded.

Companies working in the services sector, which make up 80 per cent of the economy’s growth, said that “heightened economic uncertainty” and the desire to avoid taking any risks during Brexit negotiations…

~_~

Economic and financial crises have a habit of creeping up when everyone is looking the other way. In 1997, while the Union Flag was coming down in Hong Kong, a dull sounding headline from Bangkok flashed up on the financial wires. Under pressure from currency speculators, the Thai government had uncoupled the baht from its peg to the US dollar. Then, as this week, the eyes of the world were on the former British colony, surrendered to the depredations of the Chinese Communist party. We were all looking in the wrong place.

The baht plummeted further, followed by the Malaysian ringgit, the Philippine peso and the Indonesian rupiah. In the affected countries, imported goods, including foodstuffs and fuel, surged in price. Companies that had borrowed…

~_~

Steve Murrells, the Co-op Group chief executive, will form part of an unlikely quartet with Coldplay, Ellie Goulding and Pharrell Williams, below, when he takes to the stage in Hamburg today at the Global Citizen Festival.

Getty

He will be helping to launch a new initiative called the Global Fund for Water, to raise funds for water and sanitation projects.

Mr Murrells, who is calling on fellow retailers and branded water producers to join the $100 million fundraising, admits he is no musician. “The only keyboard I can use is the one on my iPad.”

Full-bodied personality

The death of Roy Ackerman, the veteran restaurateur, bon viveur and guidebook publisher, robbed the Wine Guild UK of a passionate, knowledgeable and flamboyant chancellor.

His replacement looks tailor-made…

~_~

Increasing demand for “younger” dairy products, such as mozzarella and butter has forced up costs for cheese makers Gill Allen for The Times

Cheese lovers should prepare themselves for rising prices as weaker sterling and demand for less mature dairy products conspire to put the squeeze on manufacturers.

Prices are rising by up to 30 per cent in some cases, according to Beacon, a company that sources goods for the hospitality, leisure and care-home markets. Farmgate milk prices have been hovering at 27p a litre, up 30 per cent on a year ago.

The warning came as the boss of Arla Foods, one of the world’s largest dairy producers, said that there could be butter shortages by the end of the year.

“Butter will be very short at Christmas time,” Peder Tuborgh, told BBC Business Live. “I know that we just have a desperate need for butter.” The…

~_~

The shale gas revolution has left America with a glut of cheap gas, prompting energy companies to convert old import terminals into export facilities Lucy Nicholson/Reuters

Britons could be cooking Sunday lunch on US shale gas this weekend after it emerged that the first UK delivery of liquefied natural gas (LNG) from US fracking fields was en route to Kent.

Energy analysts at Icis said a tanker carrying the super-chilled gas was scheduled to arrive at the Isle of Grain LNG terminal on Saturday after a 13-day journey from Sabine Pass in the Gulf of Mexico. The Maran Gas Mystras vessel is capable of carrying 1,045 gigawatt-hours of gas, equivalent to about half of daily UK gas demand this week, Icis said.

Last year Ineos, the petrochemicals company, imported the first UK cargo of ethane derived from US shale gas for use as feedstock for its Grangemouth refinery in Scotland. Saturday’s…

~_~

Michelin, the French owner of the foodies’ bible, has bought a 40 per cent stake in the journal founded by Robert Parker, the US wine critic Emmanuele Contini/NurPhoto via Getty Images

The world’s most famous food guide is teaming up with the wine industry’s most influential critic to try to develop a lucrative business in gala dinners.

Michelin, the French tyre company that owns the foodies’ bible of the same name, said it had bought a 40 per cent stake in The Wine Advocate, the journal founded by Robert Parker, the eminent American critic. It did not disclose the price.

Parker, a former lawyer from Maryland, was by far the most powerful wine taster of his generation. Bordeaux châteaux were said to alter the taste of clarets to meet his palate, hoping for a good mark in reviews. A mark of 100/100 was seen as the ultimate honour and often doubled the price of the wine…

~_~

Britain’s biggest energy supplier was the only one of the “Big Six” not to increase prices for its standard variable tariff earlier this year British Gas

British Gas could be preparing to raise energy prices in a move that could reignite the debate over household bills, according to City analysts.

Britain’s biggest energy supplier was the only one of the “Big Six” not to increase prices for its standard variable tariff earlier this year, pledging instead to freeze them until the start of August.

Several analysts believe the company is preparing a price rise to pass on the increasing costs of non-energy levies such as renewable energy subsidies.

Edmund Reid, analyst at Lazarus Research, said: “We expect gas tariffs to remain unchanged but for a substantial — high single or low double-digit — increase in electricity tariffs. We would expect an announcement in late July.”

Mr Reid said Centrica’s half-year results,…

~_~

The joint house broker to Glaxosmithkline administered some bitter medicine to investors with a cautious prognosis for part of its core pharmaceutical division.

Before an eagerly anticipated strategy update from Emma Walmsley, Glaxo’s newish chief executive, later this month, Citigroup warned that the boom years in the HIV market, a growth driver for Glaxo, could be over.

The US broker said that investors underappreciated the slowdown in the market and the competitive threat from Gilead and Merck.

Glaxo’s HIV business was the fastest-growing part of its pharmaceuticals division last year, with sales rising by 37 per cent to £3.56 billion, accounting for more than a fifth of revenues. Cutting its revenue forecasts for the HIV business by between 8 per cent and 13 per cent…

~_~

The owner of the start-up property portal Onthemarket has won the right to continue with its “one other portal” rule after a competition tribunal concluded that it did not breach the law.

Onthemarket was set up in 2015 by Agents’ Mutual, a consortium of traditional high street estate agents that included Savills and Knight Frank, with the aim of breaking the “anti-competitive duopoly” of Rightmove and Zoopla and their power to set high fees.

Under its one-other-portal rule, agents who signed up to advertise with Onthemarket could do so only on condition that they list with just one of the other two players. The rule had affected Zoopla more than Rightmove, which remains the UK’s biggest property portal.

In February last year the estate agent…

~_~

Policymakers at the US Federal Reserve signalled last night that they are ready to begin unwinding the central bank’s $4 trillion quantitative easing programme within months.

How quickly will the European Central Bank follow suit? The euro has risen in recent weeks amid mounting expectations that the ECB could also (begin) turning off the QE taps sooner rather than later. The minutes of the ECB’s latest policy meeting, released at 12.30pm (UK time), will give the market a better idea of the central bank’s thinking.

Markets snap The Nikkei closed down 0.44 per cent this morning at 19,994.06. The FTSE 100 , which closed at 7,367.60 yesterday, is forecast to open 12 points higher when trading begins shortly.

closed down 0.44 per cent this morning at 19,994.06. The , which closed at 7,367.60 yesterday, is forecast to open 12 points higher when trading begins shortly. At 6.57am Brent crude was trading at $48.2 a barrel and the pound was trading at $1.294 against the dollar and at €1.133 against the euro .

was trading at $48.2 a barrel and the was trading at $1.294 against the and at €1.133 against the .

We’ll have a story on the ECB minutes later on www.thetimes.co.uk/business. For instant reaction to the the minutes follow me on Twitter — @fletcherr.

On the corporate front, Reckitt Benckiser has cut its growth forecasts this morning, blaming a cyberattack…

~_~

After the referendum result last summer, shares in all the quoted housebuilders fell precipitously, in some cases to ridiculous levels in terms of earnings multiples and dividend yields, on the assumption that the ensuing uncertainty would put people off buying homes. This column argued then that this was a wild overreaction and so it proved. The various metrics including completions and average prices resumed their relentless march upwards with barely a hitch.

After the general election result the sector was on the slide again, on a similar assumption. Again, the political uncertainty does not seem to have put off housebuyers, given continuing low interest rates and support from Help to Buy. This last point is of particular help to Persimmon, the country’s second biggest housebuilder,…

~_~

For the duration of this year’s championships we’re bringing you a Wimbledon quiz per round. The second of the seven quizzes is below. Website users can click here for the first quiz. Come back on Friday morning for the third round of questions.

~_~

Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

Steve Cummings (Dimension Data) won stages of the Tour de France in 2015 and 2016 by attacking from the breakaway. Ben Swift was part of the Team Sky during the 2011 Tour and is now riding for UAE Team Emirates. They spoke to Josh Burrows about what to expect from this year’s race.



Stage 1 - Saturday 1 July

Ben Swift: At 14km, this is quite a long prologue — you’re in that middle ground between prologue and genuine time-trial. In a prologue everyone has to go flat-out, so the time gaps won’t be massive — we’re talking a handful of seconds. On a longer time-trial you have a lot more to lose.

Stage 2 - Sunday 2 July

Ben Swift: That little fourth-category climb at the…

~_~

Manchester United believe they are on the verge of agreeing a deal to sign Romelu Lukaku from Everton for an initial payment of £75 million.

Everton countered claims emanating from Old Trafford that the transfer had been finalised, but the expectation remains that Lukaku will become a United player.

The mooted fee is lower than expected, especially in this inflated current market, but Everton will accrue bonus related add-ons should Lukaku excel.

Lukaku is good friends with United midfielder Pogba Martin Rickett/PA Wire

The deal is running independent of Everton’s interest in Wayne Rooney, but the goodwill between the clubs will nevertheless help smooth Rooney’s return to Goodison Park by the weekend. United’s first pitch to Everton was inclusive of a deal for Rooney.

United say they have dropped their interest in Real Madrid’s Álvaro Morata…

~_~

The Lions squad train on the eve of returning to Auckland before the third Test MARC ASPLAND /THE TIMES

No changes versus big changes. A settled side versus an unsettled one. The British & Irish Lions versus the All Blacks has already been a deeply intriguing contest of the tactical savvy of the two opposing coaches, and, in the early hours of the morning here in Auckland, it also became a contest of their wisdom as selectors.

It was no surprise that the Lions named an unchanged team for this huge, deciding Test match. It is the contrast, here, between the two teams’ selections that makes for such an intriguing plotline in this brilliant Test series.

In the red corner, Warren Gatland has gone down the route of continuity — and rightly so. Conversely, in the black corner, Steve Hansen has revealed some very bold…

~_~

The traditional honeymoon period for a new captain notwithstanding, we might conclude that Joe Root’s first Test squad is a little underwhelming. Let us be generous, then, and, with a nod to the returning Gary Ballance and the continuing Liam Dawson, and with the new captain getting his feet under the table, see the glass half-full, rather than half-empty. It is a pragmatic squad.

Though there is little to get the pulse racing, Mark Wood’s return to Test cricket after a 20-month absence due to a series of ankle operations warms the coldest of hearts and provides the England attack with real cutting edge. That apart, there is not much to suggest that Root the captain will take his cue from Root the enterprising batsman,…

~_~

On Sunday Steve Hansen described the decisive third Test between New Zealand and the British & Irish Lions as the game that world rugby needed. The All Blacks coach was not deflecting attention away from his team’s first home defeat in eight years, he really meant it. Hansen believes that international rugby is in serious trouble and needs a show-stopping occasion such as the one that will play out at Eden Park on Saturday.

Hansen fears that the growth in influence of the club game in England and France could erode Test rugby to the point where it is as devalued as international football and he warned that the financial imbalance that exists between unions could see Australia disappear as a leading force. The authorities,…

~_~

Bernard Tomic has been fined more than £11,000 following his controversial first-round exit from Wimbledon.

The Australian was beaten in straight sets by Mischa Zverev and then gave an extraordinary press conference, saying he felt “bored” during the match. Tomic also admitted he called for the trainer even though he was not injured to try to disrupt his opponent’s momentum.

It has resulted in a fine of $15,000 (£11,600) from the International Tennis Federation, a significant chunk of his £35,000 earnings from the tournament.

Medvedev was also fined for unsportsmanlike conduct Adrian Dennis/AFP/Getty Images

The 24-year-old’s level of effort has frequently been called into question, and he said on Tuesday: “I couldn’t care less if I make a fourth round at the US Open or I lose first round.

“To me, everything is the same.…

~_~

Wins for Konta and Watson, pictured, made it the finest effort from British women in 31 years WILL OLIVER/EPA

Johanna Konta led the way as British tennis enjoyed its most successful day at Wimbledon for 20 years. Four players reached the third round but Andy Murray still urged his compatriots to do even better.

Konta, Murray, Aljaz Bedene and Heather Watson produced stirring victories for the home fans at the All England Club yesterday. Kyle Edmund can make it five going through when he faces Gaël Monfils, the No 15 seed from France, on Centre Court today.

After comfortably beating Dustin Brown, of Germany, 6-3, 6-2, 6-2 in an hour and 36 minutes, Murray, who now plays Fabio Fognini, the Italian, tomorrow, refused to get too swept up in the feeling of euphoria in SW19. “It’s obviously good to have more players playing in…

~_~

Andy Murray’s first two opponents Alexander Bublik and Dustin Brown have dragged him all over the court with their flashy brands of tennis so it made for optimism that the defending champion gave a positive assessment of his hip after reaching the third round.

“It is OK,” Murray said. “I’ve moved well in the first couple of matches. It hasn’t affected me. I feel good. Hopefully it stays that way. So far I am very happy with how I am feeling on the court.”

Murray could not have imagined, as he hobbled around last week during the build-up to the championships, that his opening two rounds would be incident-free. He needed just one hour and 36 minutes yesterday to defeat Brown, the world No 97…

~_~

Heather Watson has made it back to that storied place for her, the third round at Wimbledon. Yesterday on a baking-hot No 2 Court, in a performance that was part demolition job, part trench war, but overall a startling return to form, she beat Anastasija Sevastova the No 18 seed from Latvia who sits 83 places above the British No 2 in the world rankings.

Shades ahead, then, of that teatime in 2015 when the nation willed and then groaned to see a then 23-year-old from Guernsey go within two points of shocking Serena Williams on Centre Court. When Watson recalled that heady battle yesterday, she said, “It was the best atmosphere that I’ve ever played in in my life. I was getting goosebumps between…

~_~

Johanna Konta came through in blazing sunshine on Centre Court yesterday, combating flying ants and the weapons of Donna Vekic to make it through to the third round and keep alive her not unrealistic hopes of claiming the title in nine days’ time.

This was women’s tennis at something close to its best: combative, resolute and interspersed with gyrations of form and circumstance that were, at times, compelling. Konta is a player with a clear and non-negotiable game plan: hit hard, low and early. She executed it well, but found an opponent with counter-strokes so flat that, at times, they scarcely bounced off the Centre Court turf.

The final set was a classic of its kind, both women solid behind the serve, the games flowing…

~_~

Bedene has played at Wimbledon five times, but only three times as a Briton Stefan Wermuth/Reuters

Aljaz Bedene reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with victory over four sets against Damir Dzumhur of Bosnia and credited having home crowd support as the decisive factor in his 6-3, 3-6, 6-3, 6-3 win.

“I couldn’t have won without them,” the world No 58 said.

This is Bedene’s fifth appearance at Wimbledon but his third as a British citizen and so the spectators are still getting to know him, to understand his style of play, his character out on court. And they are still, probably, none the wiser because this was a baffling contest, one that Bedene could and should have won speedily and convincingly but during which, instead, he wavered.

Bedene’s second serve was weak all afternoon Adam Davy/PA

Rarely will you see as reliable a first serve…

~_~

Azarenka was asked if Federer had inspired her as a new mother on tour —unsurprisingly, she gave the question short shrift Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images

Tennis’s colonisation of the airwaves over Wimbledon fortnight has not been confined to the BBC: viewers of Channel 4’s Countdown will have seen Greg Rusedski join Susie Dent in Dictionary Corner this week. Rusedski brought a square-jawed charm to the role and assisted Dent on such impressive finds as “postage”, “sloshed” and “ballon” (a technical ballet term, apparently).

Age rules out doubles ace

The announcement of the entry lists for the invitational doubles threw up one notable absentee: for the first time in 25 years, the name of Mansour Bahrami is missing. The Iranian has recently celebrated his 61st birthday and thereby falls foul of the All England Club’s age limit. “There was hope this might be adjusted, but the rule-book won,” said Bahrami, who…

~_~

The British & Irish Lions will field an unchanged team for the first time since 1993 after Liam Williams was cleared to start in Saturday’s deciding Test against New Zealand at Eden Park.

The full back gave the Lions an injury scare when he failed to finish Wednesday’s training session in Queenstown, but the medical team assured Warren Gatland it was a precautionary move after he developed tightness in his leg.

With Williams fit and Gatland resisting calls to replace Mako Vunipola, who was sin-binned in the second Test victory, the Lions starting XV will be unchanged for the first time since the deciding Test of the 1993 series against the All Blacks. Gatland has also named the same bench from last weekend’s 24-21 win…

~_~

Froome, right, held off Porte on his way to capturing the yellow jersey PETER DEJONG/AP

The steep, twisting road to La Planche des Belles Filles was already one of Chris Froome’s favourite climbs and that affection deepened yesterday when, while not matching his previous victory here, he still pulled on the yellow jersey at the summit.

In 2012, Froome had hugged Bradley Wiggins at the finish line — they were allies once — when he won his first Tour stage and Wiggins took an overall lead that he would not relinquish.

Froome still has mementos of that breakthrough day at home in Monaco. The significance of yesterday afternoon’s racing is not yet fully clear and, these days, Froome has more victory souvenirs than he knows what to do with, but Team Sky’s rivals will fear that now that the three-times…

~_~

Mo Farah was identified as a doping suspect by the governing body of athletics before further tests cleared him, according to documents leaked by the hacking group Fancy Bears last night.

Farah was one of a number of runners whose athlete biological passports (ABPs) were considered suspicious, according to the documents. The entry next to his name, after a test on November 23, 2015, states: “Likely doping; Passport suspicious: further data is required.”

However, a document dated April 2016 puts Farah in the clear, saying that he is “now flagged as normal with the last test” and that there is no need for intensive testing over the next two months. Nineteen other athletes, including some high-profile names, are marked down for intensive testing. Last night,…

~_~

Normal service, such as it is, should resume on the Tour de France today with this long and flat sixth stage from Vesoul to the half-timbered medieval streets of Troyes. But given the tumultuous nature of this race so far, perhaps we should expect further fireworks in what seems certain to be a sprint finish.

As the Tour began, this would definitely have been a stage that Mark Cavendish highlighted in the diary, but, after the debacle in Vittel on Tuesday afternoon, both he and Peter Sagan, the world champion ejected from the Tour in the aftermath, are long gone.

With only two fourth category climbs en route — the first after 69 kilometres, the second after 154 — there is little risk of any sprinters being…

~_~

All the talk is of a homecoming and the rekindling of a first love, with both parties turning back the clock to when Wayne Rooney was once a blue, always a blue.

And yet reality dictates that the prospect of the forward’s impending return to Everton cannot be fuelled by sentiment. This is not about rewinding to a bygone era, but about moving forward.

The financial implications of a potentially complex deal, even allowing for Everton’s new-found clout, do not permit Rooney to be afforded the opportunity to simply see out his career in familiar surroundings and revisit some of the dreams he harboured as a teenager.

Rooney played in Ferguson’s testimonial at Goodison Park in 2015 Peter Byrne/PA Wire

It is not about a daily laugh and a joke with former team-mate, now first-team coach, Duncan Ferguson…

~_~

Lukaku is at the centre of a tug-of-war between United and Chelsea INTS KALNINS/REUTERS

Manchester United are using Wayne Rooney as leverage to try to smooth a deal with Everton for Romelu Lukaku after they stepped up their interest in the Belgium forward.

Lukaku is at the centre of a transfer tug-of-war between United and Chelsea with both sides coveting the striker, who wants to quit Everton and play in the Champions League next season.

United believe they boast a bargaining chip in Rooney and have raised the availability of the England forward during discussions over Lukaku. Everton have previously placed a £100million asking price on Lukaku’s head and United want to use Rooney to offset what would be a world record package for a player.

Lukaku is thought to favour a return to Chelsea

Everton yesterday continued negotiations over a deal to re-sign Rooney, who moved from…

~_~

Mark Cavendish has called on cycling fans to stop abusing him and his family after the crash that led to Peter Sagan being thrown off the Tour de France.

The Manxman revealed that he and his wife had been attacked on social media after the incident, which has sparked huge debate within cycling. “Vile and threatening comments on social media to myself and my family isn’t deserved,” he said.

The disqualification of Sagan has polarised opinion but Cavendish backed the race jury after the crash that ended his Tour with a broken shoulder blade. “The commissaires here, the jury, are among the most experienced that I’ve witnessed in cycling,” he said. “If I’m honest it takes a lot of courage and a lot of balls…

~_~

Rarely can there have been an underdog victory at the All England Club as unromantic as this. Petra Kvitova, the two-time champion who had miraculously rebounded from a knife attack in December to the status of Wimbledon favourite, saw her fairytale derailed by world No 95 Madison Brengle over three tumultuous sets.

Some fifty unforced errors sprayed from the racket of Kvitova, but they must not be divorced from their context, both of how much she has already achieved in her improbable comeback — she still cannot make a fist with her dominant left hand — and how brilliantly her vulnerabilities were exploited by Brengle, who had won only one match at her previous five grand-slam tournaments. The last time the American was on No 2 Court,…

~_~

The controversy over players pulling out of first-round matches at Wimbledon due to injury has deepened after Spain’s Feliciano López competed in a doubles match 24 hours after withdrawing from his singles contest.

López, the 19th seed, cited a foot injury after retiring against France’s Adrian Mannarino. He was one of seven men to withdraw on Tuesday but was back on court yesterday alongside unrelated doubles partner Marc López. Feliciano did receive treatment yesterday as the 11th-seeded Spaniards lost 3-6, 7-6, 6-2, 6-4 against Australia’s Matt Reid and John-Patrick Smith. He refused to give any post-match interviews.

Britain’s Heather Watson said she believed that some players with injuries were turning up just to access the £35,000 paid to first-round losers.

She said: “It sucks if…

~_~

British football is braced for a wide-ranging crackdown on tax avoidance, including investigations into potential abuse of the “image rights” loophole, after HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) won its long-running case against Rangers at the Supreme Court yesterday.

After a long-running appeal process, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in HMRC’s favour over Rangers’ use of employee benefit trusts (EBTs), whereby more than £47 million was paid to players, managers and directors in tax-free loans, via trust funds in Jersey, between 2001 and 2010. The offences were committed by a previous regime and at a previous company, since Rangers were liquidated and reformed in 2012, but yesterday’s judgement represents another low in the Scottish club’s inglorious recent history.

Responding to the verdict, HMRC warned of “wide-ranging…

~_~

Bingham, right, and Rooney were part of the 4x400m team in 2008 STU FORSTER/GETTY IMAGES

Great Britain’s 4x400 metres relay team from the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing will finally receive their bronze medals on Sunday.

The team of Andrew Steele, Robert Tobin, Michael Bingham and Martyn Rooney will be presented with the medals in a ceremony at the Muller Anniversary Games at the London Stadium.

The quartet finished fourth in the final at the Bird’s Nest Stadium, behind the United States, Bahamas and Russia, but were moved from fourth to third after Russia were disqualified last year when retrospective testing of urine samples found that anchor runner Denis Alekseyev had used a banned substance.

“While it would have been an unforgettable moment to receive my medal in Beijing, I can’t think of a better substitute than to stand on…

~_~

Wimbledon has been interrupted by pigeons, a squirrel and on one occasion a swarm of bees. Yesterday it was hit by its first invasion of flying ants.

A player battling through the second round reported that one of the insects flew up his nose and Johanna Konta, Britain’s best hope for the women’s singles title, said she had swallowed some.

Sam Querrey of the US, who won his match against Thomas Fabbiano of Italy on court 18, said he had considered asking the umpire to stop the match.

“I have never seen that before,” he said. “They seemed to kind of go away after a while but if it [had] got much worse I was wanting to stop because they’re hitting you in the face.

~_~

Hansen says that dealing with horses helped him to better understand his players Mark Barker/AP Photo

It may be hard to believe now, given his burly frame and stooping gait, but Steve Hansen was raised on a family farm in Mosgiel, near Dunedin, wanting to be a jockey. His father, Des, was a highly-respected rugby coach but also a race-horse trainer. “You could watch the rugby, go to the races or work on the farm,” Hansen recalled of his childhood. “They were the three options.”

Hansen grew out of that early ambition to be a jockey but his own talent for horse whispering, his father’s wisdom and formative experiences in the police force have shaped a remarkable coaching career.

“Steve can read people. It’s innate, he was born with it,” Denny Baker, a family friend and breeder, said. “He can really…

~_~

Gatland insisted his players are not feeling the pressure before the third and final Test David Rogers/Getty Images

Warren Gatland has insisted the British & Irish Lions’ Test series decider with New Zealand will not define his coaching career in a bid to heap pressure on the All Blacks.

The Lions can claim just their second-ever series win in New Zealand on Saturday, but must end the All Blacks’ 39-match unbeaten run at Eden Park to make history.

We’re all under pressure aren’t we? Good pressure. You’ve got to get excited about it, it’s some of the biggest games of their lives

New Zealand Rugby chief executive Steve Tew has revealed Gatland will be on the shortlist as a potential replacement for current boss Steve Hansen, who is expected to step down following the 2019 World Cup. But Lions and Wales head coach Gatland has made no plans for his future - and even quipped he could retire from coaching after the next World Cup.

“This game…

~_~

The goals that persuaded Arsenal to go for Lacazette

Alexandre Lacazette says he has joined the club playing “the best football in England” after his transfer from Lyons.

Arsenal paid £45.5 million for the France striker, which could rise by £7.1 million. “Every time I take a shot at goal it’s because I believe I can score,” Lacazette, 26, said.

“I don’t just shoot for the sake of it.”

~_~

England displayed ominously good form before Sunday’s crunch clash with Australia as Tammy Beaumont and Sarah Taylor scored centuries in a crushing win. They shared in a record-breaking second-wicket partnership of 275, beating the highest in a women’s World Cup and the highest for England in an ODI for both men and women.

Their ferocious assault on South Africa’s lacklustre bowling was as brutal as it was bountiful, with lofted drives, powerful cuts and pulls and audacious ramp shots. The Proteas simply wilted.

This match was a potential banana skin for England, who still have two of the strongest teams to play in the group-stage matches. However, a third successive win took them to third in the table behind Australia and India and a step…

~_~

Chelsea have revived their interest in Fernando Llorente as a potential back-up striker for next season. The Premier League champions attempted to sign the Swansea City forward in January but the Spaniard was not allowed to leave and scored 15 league goals to help his side avoid relegation.

He is now in the final year of his contract and Swansea are determined to keep him. Llorente, 32, is recovering after breaking an arm on holiday but should be fit for the start of the season.

Antonio Rüdiger, the Roma defender, is expected to have a medical today and complete a £34 million transfer to Stamford Bridge. Nathaniel Chalobah, in the final year of his deal at Chelsea, is in talks about a permanent move to…

~_~

McIlroy appeared to boast about his earnings on social media Paul Childs/Action Images

Rory McIlroy has given up on social media after his row with Steve Elkington in the wake of a second consecutive missed cut at the US Open.

Elkington, a former US PGA champion, wrote on Twitter that “Rory is so bored playing golf . . . without Tiger [Woods] the threshold is prolly 4 majors with 100mill in bank.”

McIlroy replied: “More like 200mil . . . not bad for a ‘bored’ 28 year old . . . plenty more where that came from.”

Speaking before his title defence in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open, which starts today at Portstewart, McIlroy said: “I must have written that tweet and deleted it about five times before I actually sent it. I sort of regret sending…

~_~

All advanced encouragingly well for Jonathan Trott in his first experience of championship captaincy as, in a fascinating match where scores had been exactly level after the first innings, Warwickshire went on to 179 for four until the last ball before tea.

An altogether less welcome “first” then befell him. He became the fourth of six men to fall in 75 frantic minutes that may possibly have decided a contest quite critical to both sides, Trott, pulling Tom Helm to mid-wicket, departed for the only 99 of his 17-year career.

Making it three scalps in seven balls, Helm, a tall and quick 23-year-old very much in the England selectors’ laptop notes, then ended the innings with a maiden five-wicket haul in his tenth championship appearance.…

~_~

Rutherford is struggling to deal with an ankle injury that he suffered in June ALEXANDER HASSENSTEIN/GETTY IMAGES

Greg Rutherford has withdrawn from the Müller Anniversary Games on Sunday, throwing his participation at next month’s World Championships into doubt.

The defending world and former Olympic long jump champion has been trying to regain his fitness after suffering an ankle injury when competing in Italy in early June and had been expected to return on Sunday at the London Stadium — the scene of his Olympic triumph in 2012 — where he had been due to compete against Jeff Henderson, the American who took his Olympic title in Rio de Janeiro last summer.

Rutherford will still almost certainly be named as part of the Great Britain team for the World Championships when it is announced next Tuesday. He is the only British long jumper…

~_~

Iain Mathieson never talked about his experiences at war and his family only heard later about his heroism in Burma

Despite an act of incredible bravery in horrendous monsoon conditions in Burma, Iain Mathieson, a young soldier from Glasgow, was never officially rewarded for his selflessness.

The 1st Battalion Seaforth Highlanders were taking over defensive positions in the mountains south of the Imphal plain. Heavy rain was filling their trenches and lightning was a constant threat (one flash detonated a third of the mines near Scraggy Hill, where they were based).

On May 20, 1944, Lieutentant John Gunn was strengthening the perimeter around the forward conditions, triggering an attack from the Japanese forces. The Japanese bombarded the “Fighting Jocks” with grenades and shells, sending them back into the trenches and, over, the next hour a battle raged around the platoon. So many British soldiers were…

~_~

Win a fabulous Overnight Big Cat Safari Experience at the exclusive Big Cat Sanctuary in Smarden, Kent. The 32-acre sanctuary is headed by Giles Clark, the conservationist, big cat expert and TV presenter.

If you are our lucky winner, you will be given a champagne tea, three-course dinner, an overnight stay in a luxury lodge with the roar of lions as your alarm clock, a full breakfast, and VIP tours of the sanctuary, including feeding a big cat by hand.

When you arrive at the sanctuary you will have afternoon tea with a glass of bubbly in the beautiful restaurant overlooking the African lion enclosure. Next you will have a two-hour tour of the sanctuary, which is open to the public for only four days…

~_~

Win a fabulous Overnight Big Cat Safari Experience at the exclusive Big Cat Sanctuary in Smarden, Kent. The 32-acre sanctuary is headed by Giles Clark, the conservationist, big cat expert and TV presenter.

If you are our lucky winner, you will be given a champagne tea, three-course dinner, an overnight stay in a luxury lodge with the roar of lions as your alarm clock, a full breakfast, and VIP tours of the sanctuary, including feeding a big cat by hand.

When you arrive at the sanctuary you will have afternoon tea with a glass of bubbly in the beautiful restaurant overlooking the African lion enclosure. Next you will have a two-hour tour of the sanctuary, which is open to the public for only four days…

~_~

For followers of the Shipping Forecast on BBC Radio 4 there have been several mentions of fog patches in sea areas recently. Warm air drifting over cold seas has formed banks of mist and fog, and not just at sea and along coasts. Inland at dawn there have been low banks of mist rolling over rivers and fields like veils of muslin, before vanishing as the sunshine grows warm enough to burn them off — evaporating the droplets into invisible water vapour.

Fog over the sea recalls the famous phrase “Fog in Channel — Continent Cut Off”. Exactly where this exquisite quotation originates from has become lost in the mists of time, but it appeared in a famous cartoon featuring a newspaper placard with the quotation,…

~_~

Login

Enter your details below to login

If you are an existing member of The Times and The Sunday Times enjoying the full benefits of thetimes.co.uk, then simply enter your Times+ login details below and press 'Enter'

Enter your details to login

Email address

Password

~_~

Login

Enter your details below to login

If you are an existing member of The Times and The Sunday Times enjoying the full benefits of thetimes.co.uk, then simply enter your Times+ login details below and press 'Enter'

Enter your details to login

Email address

Password

~_~

Login

Enter your details below to login

If you are an existing member of The Times and The Sunday Times enjoying the full benefits of thetimes.co.uk, then simply enter your Times+ login details below and press 'Enter'

Enter your details to login

Email address

Password

~_~

Login

Enter your details below to login

If you are an existing member of The Times and The Sunday Times enjoying the full benefits of thetimes.co.uk, then simply enter your Times+ login details below and press 'Enter'

Enter your details to login

Email address

Password

~_~

It is a scalding Los Angeles afternoon and three women who are all younger than me are reclining on cane furniture on a large patio out of the heat. As sensitively as possible I am trying to find out what they think of dating older men.

Ordinarily this would be an awkward and possibly even inappropriate line of questioning, but these three are half of the cast of Second Wives Club, a new reality television show about the other halves of successful, mostly rich and invariably older LA actors, producers, doctors and businessmen. Made by E!, the cable channel behind Keeping Up with the Kardashians, it promises to take viewers “inside the lives of these enviable ‘trophy wives’ ”.

Veronika Obeng, a statuesque 34-year-old who…

~_~

For years Catherine Chidgey, the award-winning novelist, found it difficult, often impossible, to write. Fans of her books, including In a Fishbone Church and The Transformation, may have wondered why for a decade an author lavished with praise and on a roll quietly dipped below the radar. The truth is that she was immersed in a painful, all-consuming narrative of her own.

It is a story that will resonate with many. Chidgey and her husband, Alan Bekhuis, had discovered that she was infertile. It was a problem that six IVF attempts and thousands and thousands of dollars, including a $30,000 (£23,220) treatment at a Las Vegas clinic, could not fix. Disappointment piled on top of exhausted disappointment.

During those years when she felt blindsided by…

~_~

Before we get to the interesting question of how — beyond mere merit — it is that an Iranian Baha’i is about to play Tevye, the Russian-Jewish patriarch in Fiddler on the Roof, here is the story of how that fabulous Sixties musical got Omid Djalili into showbusiness in the first place.

Djalili, whose somewhat presciently named stand-up show Schmuck for a Night ended its nine-month tour at the Hammersmith Apollo in May, is sitting in the sun outside a rehearsal studio in south London, a little while before Fiddler’s Chichester revival this month. There is exacting choreography continuing in the background, but laughter too. Between ourselves, he tells me, this production by Daniel Evans, who directed last year’s terrific Show Boat, could turn…

~_~

Where’s it all going to end? That’s what you have to ask. Now that burgers, pizzas, fried chicken and kebabs have all been given a makeover and elevated to the height of, if not culinary sophistication, then at least of hipster desirability, it’s the turn of the American sub sandwich.

This summer the Avenue Bar on St James’s, that most English of London streets, is turning itself into a mini Hamptons with the gourmet seafood sub looming large. The roast duck, hoisin and spring onion subs at Keu Vietnamese restaurant in Soho are sending Twitter into raptures, while at Claw in Moorgate you can pick up a poke sub of diced Hampshire trout and horseradish crème fraîche. Even Harrods is getting in on the act,…

~_~

Yesterday social media seethed with anger and contempt over a tomato salad. Yes, Nigella Lawson had posted a picture of her “old-fashioned tomato salad” on Instagram, and many responded like this Facebook user: “I REALLY hope this is a joke!? This is a dish of cherry tomatoes cut in half, with a squirt of salad cream . . . get over youself for goodness sake!!!”

Lawson has form for outraging the public with her salad recipes — remember her deconstructed caesar one made of burnt lettuce with a fried egg on top? — but frankly the criticism seemed deeply unfair. Weren’t tomatoes and salad cream a British summer classic — albeit more Essex than Knightsbridge — ripe for celebration?

I’ve always loved salad cream, although…

~_~

As someone with no interest in any sport whatsoever — aside, perhaps, from ice dancing (probably in the secret hope someone takes a tumble; not proud, but there you are) — and as someone who plays no sport whatsoever, despite being mysteriously good at table tennis (which I lose on purpose, so it’s over quicker), I am rarely diverted by Wimbledon. However, this year something did catch my eye.

It was Katie Boulter, the 20-year-old from Leicestershire who arrived on court this week with a typewritten list of motivational quotes. “You deserve this — focus,” said one. “Trust yourself and trust your game,” read another. “Show how much you want it,” went a third. “I’m missing daytime TV and Great Canal Journeys with Timothy West and…

~_~

This Moorish plateful is inspired by Moro’s recent twentieth anniversary Sunday lunch. It’s a clever mise en place dish with make-ahead components but to speed things up for a mid-week treat, I’ve relied on roast piquillo peppers in a jar and my ridged grill-pan rather than the barbecue to cook the lamb. Clever Sam and Sam Clark (the couple behind Moro); smoky soft-grilled aubergine, slippery red peppers, tender pink lamb, garlicky yoghurt with a walnut garnish. Very yum.

Serves 2

Prep 30 min

Cook 20 min

Ingredients 1 large aubergine

300g lamb neck fillet

2 tbsp olive oil

4 roast piquillo peppers from a jar

1 tbsp lemon juice

1 garlic clove

300g sheep’s yoghurt

6 walnut halves

Method

Pre-heat the grill. Pierce the aubergine in several places (to avoid bursting); place on a grill pan and cook, turning every few minutes, until the skin is hard and sagging, the flesh inside very soft. Meanwhile, heat the griddle or…

~_~

Please update your billing information

The subscription details associated with this account need to be updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your subscription.

~_~

★☆☆☆☆

In 1942 the US War Department wrote a handbook for American soldiers in Britain, a sort of beginner’s guide to Britain (or, as it would inevitably have been called in this nostalgia-fest show, Blighty). It advised them of the peculiarities of the British and would have been essential reading for soldiers who would never have been outside their small town, much less the country.

We know about this small book only because a curator in the Bodleian Library rediscovered it in 2005 and it was then republished. The director, John Walton, stumbled across it, a memento Anglia circa 1942, in a bookshop and thought it was such an “endearing snapshot” of England that it deserved to be made into a show, roping in the Fringe-tastic…

~_~

★★☆☆☆

We are promised “a passionate dance musical from the heart of Brazil”, but the most important thing missing from Voices of the Amazon is passion. This new show is a limp and naive affair, a well-meaning eco-fable (and who can argue with its save-the-rainforest message?) that’s meant to be uplifting, but is basically a bore.

The production comes from the Sisters Grimm, who had some success with their previous outing, Inala (a collaboration with Ladysmith Black Mambazo). Voices of the Amazon has narration sonorously delivered by Jeremy Irons (although the script is utter drivel) and competent live music by Ella Spira (with three song co-writers credited) that has an appropriately Brazilian flavour, although it’s built more for song than for dance. The big letdown, however,…

~_~

★★★★☆

There’s much about this short, sharp look at the literary world that plays against type. With its spiky wit and digs at artistic vanity, it feels more Manhattan than anything else, and yet it is a comedy by a German playwright named Daniel Kehlmann. It stars F Murray Abraham, a man who knows more than most about the dark side, having won an Oscar in 1984 for playing Salieri in the film Amadeus, and is now better known to Homeland fans as Dar Adal, the black ops CIA director.

Yet, at the age of 77, Abraham finds himself on stage, looking for laughs as he plays the part of the decidedly grumpy ageing playwright Benjamin Rubin. This is a man who wrote one good play…

~_~

★★★★☆

Who says that Arcade Fire don’t have a sense of humour? For this intimate gig by everyone’s favourite North American bleeding-heart liberals in the home of British boxing, a burly pugilistic type told us to “please be upstanding for the national anthem”. Well, it was the fourth of July.

On a stage in the round where the boxing ring should have been, a saxophonist played a truly awful rendition of The Star-Spangled Banner to a chorus of boos, before “the undefeated Arcade Fire” marched on in satin tour jackets and launched into their new single, Everything Now. A takedown of the internet era and the way that we give away our information — a parodic disclaimer handed out on entry stated: “Your person has been scanned…

~_~

★★★☆☆

Asked to describe his music, Anthony Burgess used plain prose. “It uses a regular orchestra, regular bar lines. It is not Pierre Boulez: it doesn’t avoid melody. It is, I think, occasionally euphonious.” Respectable goals; perhaps more composers today ought to have them. As for Burgess’s Symphony in C, the novelist knew his limits about how entertaining it might be. Here he is on the finale: “The orchestra plays a single fortissimo chord of C major, and everybody goes off for a drink.”

We drank to Burgess in his centenary year at this imaginative Manchester International Festival tribute to one of the city’s most enigmatic sons, with the European premiere of the substantial Symphony in C and a new work by Raymond Yiu, The World…

~_~

★★★★☆

In a curious way, he had come full circle. When he first played Ronnie Scott’s, 40-odd years ago, George Benson was a versatile young guitarist who was emerging as the heir to Wes Montgomery. Pop stardom was still some way off.

Now, at the age of 74, he was taking a break from the concert hall circuit for an intimate show that gave fans a close-up experience that was almost the equivalent of seeing him play in their living room. It certainly wasn’t a cheap night — tickets cost upwards of £300 — but after a slowish start Benson and his band hit their stride with a string of polished but soulful greatest hits. In the Seventies critics weren’t always complimentary about his brand of R’n’B, yet…

~_~

★★★★☆

“Before you embark on a journey of revenge,” Confucius said, “dig two graves.” Clearly he hadn’t seen Titus Andronicus, the Bard’s most crazily bloody play, here turned into a mountingly memorable Shakespearean video nasty by the director Blanche McIntyre.

Titus is a Roman general who takes revenge on the royals who kill two of his sons and rape and rip the tongue out of his daughter. He kills another of his sons himself in a fit of pique, hacks his own hand off, then kills the sons of the emperor’s new wife, the Goth queen Tamora, before feeding them to her in a pie. Oh yes. Two graves? Pah! Dig two dozen, Titus (not forgetting the one for yourself, obviously). As these three hours progress,…

~_~

Joanna Lumley’s India

ITV

★★★☆☆

The Windsors

Channel 4

★★★★☆

In 1971 Joanna Lumley played Samantha Ryder-Ross in a swiftly cancelled BBC sitcom called It’s Awfully Bad For Your Eyes, Darling. I was reminded not so much of it — although I wouldn’t mind being reminded of Samantha in her flimsies — as its title when its ageless star visited a jute mill in the first episode of her new travelogue, Joanna Lumley’s India.

“All the particles of jute in the air,” she exclaimed, “terribly bad for the lungs.” She was right. There are studies on the incidence of chronic lung disease among workers in such factories, but what viewers will remember is Lumley’s description of jute looking like her hair, and her desire to eat…

~_~

Once hampered by its reputation as a dodgy seaside town, Margate in Kent has become this summer’s destination for land-locked London hipsters seeking to escape the city. Boarded-up shops have been replaced by Instagram-friendly cafés and interiors boutiques, while the Turner Contemporary gallery and the revamped seaside theme park Dreamland have boosted the town’s bucket-list credentials among east London types.

Haeckel’s is a natural beauty brand interested in local botanicals

The idea behind Haeckel’s, a natural beauty brand and laboratory-cum-shop, was brewing before the hipster invasion. Interested in the local botanicals growing on Margate’s chalky Jurassic coastline, the film-maker and volunteer beach warden Dom Bridges first began experimenting with skincare made from foraged seaweed in his kitchen, before founding the brand in 2012 with business partner Alex Verier. The clifftop lab with a shop attached —…

~_~

Thé Noir 29, Le Labo

£120 for 50ml (libertylondon.com)

They say Le Labo’s Thé Noir 29 has a delightful signature accord that pays homage to the noble tea leaf and the craft that surrounds it.

We say There is no doubt that £120 is a lot to drop on a perfume — but let’s consider the positives here. First, Le Labo is the trendiest perfume brand in the fragrance market. The fashion pack extol the New York-based company for its indie status and its unique range of scents that linger on the front row long after their smartly clad bottoms have left it. Second, you get bang for your buck. Just a light spritzing behind the ears of Thé Noir 29 delivers a powerful scent, deep…

~_~

Another phenomenal creation from the expert perfumers; Le Labo’s Thé Noir 29 has a delightful signature accord that pays homage to the noble tea leaf and the craft that surrounds it. Beginning with a spectacular contrast, this fragrance combines the fresh light facets of bergamot, fig and bay leaves with deep notes of cedar wood, vetiver and musk. A unique extract of black tea leaves wraps the scent up with a tobacco-bay leaf crescendo that resonates with the senses.

~_~

Times subscribers can treat a friend with 2-for-1 tickets at Odeon Cinemas in the UK every Saturday or Sunday.

With our 2-for-1 cinema ticket offer, you can share the benefits of your subscription with a friend at over 115 Odeon cinemas around the country. As the largest cinema chain in the UK with over 75 years of cinema experience, Odeon strives to offer the best experience to guests through technology and innovation and always offering the latest releases.

• Only valid for 2D films

• Only valid for standard seating (excludes premiere and club seating)

• The offer is only valid for bookings this Saturday and Sunday.

• Codes are released on a Monday for the subsequent weekend.

To claim your booking code click on 'book online'. For further instructions on how to redeem your code, please read the terms and conditions.

Please note, to redeem this offer you need to be logged in.

Terms and Conditions

~_~

Watch our critics discuss the big new releases. This week Kate Muir and Kevin Maher give their verdict on Hampstead and Transformers: The Last Knight.

See the Times+ website for details of our year-round offer of 2-for-1 Odeon cinema tickets

~_~

Watch our critics discuss the big new releases. This week, Kate Muir and Kevin Maher give their verdict on The Mummy and My Cousin Rachel

See the Times+ website for details of our year-round offer of 2-for-1 Odeon cinema tickets

~_~

Watch our critics discuss the big new releases. This week, Kate Muir and Kevin Maher give their verdict on Wonder Woman and My Life as a Courgette

See the Times+ website for details of our year-round offer of 2-for-1 Odeon cinema tickets

~_~

Watch our critics discuss the big new releases. This week — Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar’s Revenge and Baywatch.

See the Times+ website for details of our year-round offer of 2-for-1 Odeon cinema tickets

~_~

It is difficult, in many cases, to enforce immigration decisions by removing the appellant. Many deliberately destroy their travel documents and invent another country of nationality. Home Office officials trawl their records and use the European database to try to ascertain the appellant’s nationality while the appellant is kept in custody and warned he will stay there unless he co-operates. Eventually, however, he is granted bail as removal is “not imminent” and, of course, he absconds. Removal is not easy.

There are no clear statistics to show how many illegal immigrants are actually removed or deported against their will. It is assumed that the figure is about 4,000. Not so long ago the Home Office had a fast-track procedure intended for manifestly unworthy appeals where…

~_~

The debate by Andrew Ballheimer, Malcolm Sweeting, James Palmer, James Smethurst and Charlie Jacobs was chaired by the Tory peer Baroness Wheatcroft TOM PILSTON FOR THE TIMES

More than a year after Britain’s historic decision to say adieu to the EU, London’s elite lawyers are still unclear on the exact implications for their clients for life outside the bloc. “Our consistent message,” Malcolm Sweeting, the senior partner at Clifford Chance, said this week, “is to hope for the best and prepare for the worst.”

Senior City law firm partners agreed that “the worst” would be a hard Brexit, in which the UK crashes out of the EU without an agreement on access to the single market or the customs union.

Yet as James Palmer, the senior partner at Herbert Smith Freehills, said, the odds on a hard Brexit narrowed considerably after the general election result last month: a minority government is likely…

~_~

Leigh Day has won the battle, but for human rights law firms the war is only just beginning. They must now be especially vigilant over how their work is represented in the media.

The fallout from the UK’s shock general election has dominated the media landscape in recent weeks — all but eclipsing another keenly awaited result: that in the hearing against the law firm Leigh Day and three of its lawyers.

In his first interview since the longest Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal (SDT) in history, Martyn Day, founder of the firm, expressed concern at what he perceived as the political motivation behind the charges against him. He is not alone. At a time when lawyers on both sides of the Atlantic have come under scrutiny…

~_~

Lorna Jack, the chief executive of the Law Society, is optimistic about working with the Scottish Legal Complaints Commission

Slow. Cumbersome. Expensive. Fails to deliver for solicitors or clients. A critique of legal regulation from a customer? No, it’s the departed Law Society of Scotland president Eilidh Wiseman describing the system of regulation as she welcomed the independent review set up by the Scottish government. The system is in bad shape and the review is not seen as a quick fix.

The group will report by the end of next year, with a government response and legislative timetable to follow. Some feel this is too long. Others accept it’s a huge job and think the timescale makes a positive outcome more likely.

Lorna Jack, chief executive of the Law Society, says: “We are working with acts from 1980, 2007 and 2010. It’s clumsy. The…

~_~

Thomas Vinje: “Without curiosity, one will never find the right ways forward” Not known

Thomas Vinje, the global head of antitrust at Clifford Chance, acted for FairSearch, a coalition of organisations seeking robust competition in the online sphere, against Google, which has been fined €2.4 billion by the European Commission for abusing its dominant position to promote its own shopping service.

What were the main challenges in this case?

Preventing the previous commission from accepting an unwise settlement.



What are the best decisions you’ve taken?

To hire the fantastic lawyers who work with me — the leader of any team is only as good as his or her colleagues.



Who has inspired you in your career?

Pete Seeger, the American folk singer, inspired me to believe in the power of song to bring people together to change the world…

~_~

In his closing remarks at the Online Courts Hackathon last weekend, Lord Thomas of Cwmgiedd, the lord chief justice, claimed that we were embarking on the most fundamental reform to the court system since the introduction of the county courts in 1846. He was addressing more than 200 lawyers and coders — bleary of eye and tousled of hair — who had convened to redesign our courts. They had toiled through the night, fuelled by great urns of coffee and sprawling pizzas. Half of London’s top 20 law firms were there, along with some leading UK universities, and teams that had flown in from as far afield as India and Australia.

Lord Thomas was speaking about online courts, which will enable judges to decide low-value…

~_~

Reforms suggested by the Medical Protection Society would limit compensation to patients who suffer a serious injury because of negligence CHRISTOPHER FURLONG/GETTY IMAGES

The recent report by the Medical Protection Society (MPS) approaches negligence as a bank-balancing exercise — we as a society can afford paying for only some negligence, so we should cap the amount of money that is paid.

This dehumanises and oversimplifies the issue. The MPS represents doctors in situations in which negligence occurs. It is not an independent organisation and it is clearly in its interests that the amount of money available for patients’ compensation and their legal costs is limited.

Several of the reforms suggested by the MPS would reduce the patient’s ability to be fully compensated when they suffer a significant injury because of their doctor’s negligence.

Yes, when negligence occurs, this is costly. However, I would say that the cost is…

~_~

The SFO cannot afford to be complacent — it has had plenty of failures in the past ALAMY

The news that the Serious Fraud Office has earned a reprieve has rightly been greeted as a positive development for UK law enforcement in its campaign against economic crime. But it is important that those in charge at the SFO are not complacent — there is plenty of room for improvement in its performance.

Examples of previous failures abound and many (such as the disastrous Tchenguiz search order applications) are in the recent past. One particular area for improvement is the level of co-operation with victims and those who have already investigated the relevant misconduct but from a civil perspective.

In a large number of instances serious frauds emerge after a financial collapse or the massive decline in the fortunes of a company and the…

~_~

The disclosure of intimate images now carries a maximum sentence of five years in Scotland ALAMY

Scotland’s revenge porn offence has come into force and it looks as if it will avoid some of the pitfalls of its equivalent offence in England and Wales.

The offence in Scotland criminalises the disclosure, or threatened disclosure, of images of another person in an intimate situation, intending or being reckless as to whether the victim will be caused fear, alarm or distress.

Lessons have been learnt from the experience of criminalisation in England and Wales. The offence, which came into force in 2015, prohibits the disclosure of private sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress.

The attrition rate for the offence has been high and this has been attributed, in part, to the requirement that an image must be disclosed to a…

~_~

Queen’s Bench Division

Published: June 22, 2017

Regina (Westminster city council) v Owadally and Another

Before Lord Justice Gross and Mr Justice Ouseley

[2017] EWHC 1092 (Admin)

Judgment: May 17, 2017

A plea of guilty in the magistrates’ court had to be indicated or entered by a defendant personally.

The Divisional Court of the Queen’s Bench Division so held when dismissing a claim for judicial review by the prosecuting local authority, Westminster city council, against the decision of Judge Grieve, QC, at Southwark Crown Court on June 7, 2016, that the indication of pleas of guilty entered on behalf of the defendants, Mohammed Yousouf Farook Owadally and Seema Khan, by counsel appearing for them in the magistrates’ court was an incurable error.

The prosecuting authority…

~_~

Queen’s Bench Division

Published: June 27, 2017

Regina (Crompton) v Police and Crime Commissioner for South Yorkshire

Before Lord Justice Sharp and Mr Justice Garnham

[2017] EWHC 1349 (Admin)

Judgment June 9, 2017

The proper test to be applied by a police and crime commissioner, when considering whether to suspend a chief constable or ask him to resign, was to ask whether the chief constable had acted outside the range of reasonable responses available to a chief constable.

The divisional court of the Queen’s Bench Division so held when allowing a claim for judicial review by the claimant, David Crompton, who had been chief constable of South Yorkshire, of the decision of the defendant, Alan Billings, police and crime commissioner for South Yorkshire, to suspend…

~_~

Court of Appeal

Published: June 26, 2017

Day v Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Trust and Another

Before Lady Justice Gloster, Lord Justice Elias and Mr Justice Moylan

[2017] EWCA Civ 329

Judgment: May 7, 2017

For the purposes of the protection for “whistleblowers” in the workplace, a person in training might be employed by both the employer with whom he had been placed and the training body that had made the placement, if the training body had substantially determined the terms under which he worked.

The Court of Appeal so stated when allowing the appeal of the claimant, Dr C Day, against the dismissal by the Employment Appeal Tribunal (Mr Justice Langstaff) ([2016] ICR 878) of his appeal against a decision by an employment tribunal…

~_~

Keith Brown, left, Scotland’s economy secretary, described the latest figures as “a welcome vote of confidence in our economy” PA:Press Association

The Scottish economy has avoided slipping into recession by growing at four times the rate of the rest of the UK, according to surprising figures.

The latest statistics showed that the Scottish economy grew by 0.8 per cent in the first quarter of this year, well ahead of the 0.2 per cent recorded across the whole of the UK.

The figures represent a remarkable turnaround for the Scottish economy, which went into negative growth at the end of last year.

Had these latest figures been in the red too, then Scotland would have officially entered a recession.

Business leaders welcomed the sudden reversal in fortune but warned that there were still significant problems ahead which could put the country back into the red once again.

~_~

The department of work and pensions said that the move reflected a near-record low in the Scottish unemployment rate and increasing use of online facilities PA:Press Association

Ten jobcentres in Scotland are to close, including six in Glasgow. Some smaller jobcentres will be merged with larger ones.

The department of work and pensions first announced closure plans at the turn of the year and has now confirmed 21 of its 119 offices in Scotland will shut.

A consultation was held on merging Jobcentre Plus offices in Bridgeton, Broxburn, Maryhill and Castlemilk with nearby sites, and the mergers for all but the latter will go ahead.

A department spokeswoman said that the move reflected a near-record low in the Scottish unemployment rate and increasing use of online facilities.

“Our aim is to reduce under- utilisation and save money, but also to provide a better service,” she said. “We are moving towards a future…

~_~

More than £47 million was paid in supposedly tax-free loans to players, managers and directors at Rangers through EBTs between 2001 and 2010 PA

The tax authorities have won a long battle with Rangers after the dismissal of an appeal by the UK’s highest court.

The ruling in the so-called Big Tax case by the Supreme Court in London is likely to give HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) the chance to pursue more football clubs, businesses and individuals for avoiding tax when using employee benefit trusts (EBTs).

More than £47 million was paid in supposedly tax-free loans to players, managers and directors at Rangers through EBTs between 2001 and 2010 — when the club was dominating Scottish football and owned by Sir David Murray. The ruling means HMRC can pursue some of the team’s former players and staff for a tax refund that could amount to millions of pounds.

~_~

Since 2010 more than 1,000 firefighter posts have been cut in Scotland PA:Press Association Archive

More than 1,000 firefighter posts have been cut in Scotland since 2010, sparking warnings that the service may struggle to respond to a disaster similar to the Grenfell Tower tragedy.

Figures obtained by the Fire Brigades Union (FBU) showed that more than one in ten — 13.3 per cent — roles had been lost amid wider cuts to public spending and after the centralisation of Scotland’s emergency services.

The FBU condemned “savage” cuts across the UK, which it claimed were putting public safety at risk. Emphasising the fire service’s role in responding to natural disasters, terror attacks and industrial explosions, the union added: “These cuts cannot continue without putting people’s lives in jeopardy.”

Proportionally, Scotland has lost more firefighters than Northern Ireland and Wales, where…

~_~

Mineral-rich waters off the west coast are attracting whales in growing numbers PA:Press Association

The west coast of Scotland is to be promoted as one of the best places in Europe to see whales.

The Scottish government has awarded a grant of almost £200,000 to the Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust (HWDT), and the funding will go towards creating a network of 25 whale-watching sites across the west coast.

Mineral-rich waters warmed by the Gulf Stream are attracting minke, sperm, killer, fin, northern bottlenose and humpback whales in growing numbers, alongside basking sharks, porpoises and dolphins.

The announcement was part of £4.3 million of funding which has been allocated from the government’s coastal communities fund.

Roseanna Cunningham, the environment secretary, said: “With more than 10,000 miles of stunning coastline in Scotland we need to do all we can to…

~_~

Publishers of the famous Famous Five books were not amused by the title of the play chosen by Cambridge graduates for an Edinburgh Fringe performance

It was envisaged as a jolly jape until young comedians found themselves in lashings of trouble after they attempted to lampoon a much-loved series of childhood tales.

A group of Cambridge graduates planned to perform Five Go Off on One!, an affectionate parody of Enid Blyton’s sleuthing yarns, at this year’s Edinburgh Fringe festival.

However, the quintet became a less famous four after they received a legal threat from the publisher which owns the rights to the classic books.

Hachette sent a warning letter to the team behind the pastiche after details of the show appeared in the programme for the world’s largest arts event.

They were less than amused by the comedians’ intention to “lovingly ridicule” the Famous Five series which, before Harry Potter,…

~_~

The future of an island mansion which served as a royal retreat could be secure after plans to take it into community ownership were unveiled.

Kinloch Castle, on the inner Hebridean island of Rum, was built in 1897 by George Bullough, a Lancastrian industrialist, as an opulent and discreet place to entertain his high-society guests.

The baronial lodge, where King Edward VII attended lavish parties, came into state ownership in the 1950s but has since fallen into disrepair.

This year Scottish Natural Heritage (SNH), which owns the castle and the islands, suggested that the category A listed building might have to be demolished if it could not find the £20 million needed for restoration.

However, The Times understands that an agreement, passing ownership to a…

~_~

Hannah Bardell warned Theresa May that “time was running out” for Lola Ilesanmi and her daughter Dara Not known

Theresa May has been urged to block the deportation of a mother who fears her three-year-old daughter could be forced to go through genital mutilation if they are forced to return to Nigeria.

Hannah Bardell, SNP MP for Livingston, warned the prime minister that “time was running out” for Lola Ilesanmi and her daughter Dara after repeated appeals to the Home Office to allow the family to stay in the UK failed.

Addressing Mrs May in the House of Commons yesterday, Ms Bardell told of the “harrowing” domestic abuse Ms Ilesanmi claims to have suffered at the hands of her estranged husband after she refused to allow her daughter to have genital mutilation.

“Her face smashed with an iPad, her body beaten, and forced to…

~_~

Susan O’Brien, QC, resigned in June last year after formal proceedings were launched to remove her

The former chairwoman of Scotland’s child abuse inquiry has lost a £500,000 damages claim against the Scottish government.

Susan O’Brien, QC, resigned in June last year after formal proceedings were launched to remove her as a result of claims that she made comments that were “offensive’’ to survivors.

The lawyer said she resigned because she could not reassure the public that the inquiry would be conducted independently of government, and she had been left with no alternative.

A case lodged at the Court of Session in Edinburgh against the Scottish government said the motion to remove her from chairing the inquiry “constituted a material breach of contract” and was against her rights under the European Convention on Human Rights.

She was seeking damages of £500,000…

~_~

Radiohead, Kasabian, Biffy Clyro and The Kooks will be among the bands playing at the festival on Glasgow Green PA

Armed police will patrol near the TRNSMT music festival as security is increased after recent terror attacks in London and Manchester.

Police said that there was no specific intelligence suggesting a threat to the event in Glasgow and the move was standard practice given the security level of “severe”.

They urged people not to bring bags larger than an A3 sheet of paper — all bags will be searched.

Radiohead, Kasabian, Biffy Clyro and The Kooks will be among the bands playing at the festival on Glasgow Green from Friday to Sunday.

The non-camping event was created after it was announced T in the Park would “take a break” this year.

Superintendent Stewart Carle, event commander, said: “Glasgow will see an influx of tens of…

~_~

The British Horseracing Authority is refusing to renew a licence for Musselburgh Racecourse unless it agrees to allow an independent review into how it is run News Group Newspapers Ltd

One of Scotland’s leading racecourses was hours away last night from losing its next meeting because of a stand-off between councillors and the sport’s governing body which has left staff fearing for their jobs.

The British Horseracing Authority (BHA) is refusing to renew a licence for Musselburgh Racecourse unless it agrees to allow an independent review into how it is run, and promises to implement any recommendations by the end of the year.

The organisation had set a deadline of 5pm today for course officials to agree to the ultimatum or risk losing its next fixture on July 14. However, the committee running the council-owned racecourse will not meet to discuss the demand until Tuesday next week, five days after today’s BHA deadline.

While it…

~_~

Mourners gathered in Dundee to celebrate the life of the former SNP leader Times photographer James Glossop

Gordon Wilson’s “profound contribution” to Scotland has been remembered at a funeral service in Dundee.

Mourners gathered at St Peter’s Free Church to celebrate the life of the former SNP leader who died last month at the age of 79 after a short illness.

Mr Wilson was leader of the SNP between 1979 and 1990, during which time he steered the party through turbulent years of division and rebuilt it, laying the foundations for later success.

John Swinney, the deputy first minister, delivering the funeral eulogy, said he would be remembered as a “rebel” with a lifelong devotion to the cause of Scottish independence.

Paying tribute to Mr Wilson’s wife Edith and daughters Margaret and Katie, he said: “Earlier this year, at an event in…

~_~

James Cowie’s The Yellow Glove, a 1928 oil on canvas, is one of the works on display

★★★★☆

In the introductory catalogue essay to this scrupulously presented and researched show, Patrick Elliott, the curator, poses a question: “What were the criteria for inclusion in the exhibition?”

His answer, accurate in one sense, ends up creating more questions — “at its heart are the artists who probed the world with intense scrutiny and a compulsive desire to record things in accurate microscopic detail”. That could be said of many artists and not just the 58 here, who are represented by 93 works.

As Elliott concedes, the term “realist” is a tricky one. It’s entirely possible, and right, that he has chosen to be deliberately provocative by employing it. It means many things to many people and there has never been a satisfactory definition,…

~_~

The Fringe is the largest performing arts festival in the world, but the first festival in 1947 relied on more humble support PA

As Edinburgh prepares to host the largest arts event in the world, an archive has shown that the inaugural festival in 1947 only went ahead thanks to the generosity and spirit of residents.

The Edinburgh International Festival’s new site to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the event and its fringe offshoot recalls how 6,000 homeowners offered rooms for guests after a plea from Lord Provost John Falconer, because hotels had not yet been re-requisitioned after the Second World War.

Residents helped to overturn a ban on the castle being lit up by donating their coal rations, and helped to dress the city with flowers and flags.

Volunteers manned a club at the Assembly Rooms, preparing 2,500 meals a day for visitors, while the festival liaised…

~_~

Edith and John Mackay called each other “sweetheart” every day Deadline News

A woman who survived the horrors of Auschwitz and married the Scottish soldier who rescued her has died aged 92.

Edith Mackay died on June 26 after a bout of pneumonia with her family and husband of more than 70 years, Second World War veteran John, by her side in Dundee.

Mrs Mackay, born Edith Steiner in Hungary, survived six weeks in the concentration camp in Nazi-annexed Poland but lost 39 members of her family during the holocaust.

She met John, 96, after he helped to rescue a column of Jewish prisoners from their Nazi guards in the closing months of the war. The couple got to know each other at a dance organised by troops at a village hall.

They moved back to the…

~_~

The gang were jailed in April at Liverpool crown court after raiding cash machines across the country PA:Press Association Archive

The legal aid cost of defending the gang that blew up more than a dozen ATMs, including three in Scotland, topped £1 million.

Seven men were jailed for a total of 92 years for a series of raids that netted them £550,000 and caused an estimated £160,000 of damage.

The gang were jailed in April at Liverpool crown court after raiding cash machines in Merseyside, Cheshire, Berkshire, Gloucestershire and Suffolk in England, and Aberdeen, Perth and Carnoustie in 2015 and 2016.

The total cost of their defence came to £1,020,173.05, according to a breakdown of costs provided by the ministry of justice.

Anthony White, 26, the ring leader, of Huyton, Merseyside, ran up the largest single legal bill — £129,088 for his solicitor, £98,675 for his…

~_~

Paul Robertson’s BMW was forfeited when he returned to the dock at Dumfries sheriff court to be sentenced

A driver who led police on a cross-border chase at speeds of up to 156mph in his £50,000 sports car has been jailed for nine months.

Paul Robertson, from Aberdeen, was also banned from the roads and had his car forfeited for his dangerous driving on December 4 last year.

Robertson, 28, was spotted by police driving the wrong way along a motorway slip road at night.

The chase began when he left Gretna services, with Robertson leading officers on a 30-mile chase in which he hit speeds of 156mph. Police lost sight of him near the English town of Penrith.

He was traced to his home in Bridge of Don and arrested and charged.

His powerful BMW M3 was forfeited yesterday when he returned…

~_~

Iain Mathieson never talked about his experiences at war and his family only heard later about his heroism in Burma

Despite an act of incredible bravery in horrendous monsoon conditions in Burma, Iain Mathieson, a young soldier from Glasgow, was never officially rewarded for his selflessness.

The 1st Battalion Seaforth Highlanders were taking over defensive positions in the mountains south of the Imphal plain. Heavy rain was filling their trenches and lightning was a constant threat (one flash detonated a third of the mines near Scraggy Hill, where they were based).

On May 20, 1944, Lieutentant John Gunn was strengthening the perimeter around the forward conditions, triggering an attack from the Japanese forces. The Japanese bombarded the “Fighting Jocks” with grenades and shells, sending them back into the trenches and, over, the next hour a battle raged around the platoon. So many British soldiers were…

~_~

Sir David Murray was the Rangers chairman who oversaw the use of EBTs BILL MURRAY/SNS

Celtic have led calls for the Scottish football authorities to take action against Rangers following yesterday’s Supreme Court decision in favour of Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in the Big Tax Case.

In a statement, Celtic indicated that they believe the Scottish Football Association and Scottish Professional Football League must review the decision made by the Scottish Premier League Commission in 2013 that Rangers gained “no competitive or sporting advantage” through the use of Employment Benefit Trusts, after it was stated yesterday that EBTs counted as earnings and therefore should have been taxable.

The 2013 judgement, by Lord Nimmo Smith, was made when EBTs were viewed as acceptable after a tax tribunal ruled in Rangers’ favour, but yesterday’s decision has prompted Celtic to demand…

~_~

Brendan Rodgers believes that Kieran Tierney has the potential to be a future central defender for Celtic and his national side, which might be music to Gordon Strachan’s ears, given the dearth of reliable centre backs available to the Scotland team manager.

Tierney has played on the left of a central back three for Scotland already, against England at Hampden last month. On Tuesday night in Prague, the 20-year-old Celtic prodigy also played 45 minutes in a more central defensive role, as Rodgers concluded his pre-season tinkering with his squad ahead of next week’s Champions League qualifier against Linfield.

The Celtic manager was satisfied with what he saw in Tierney, whose flexibility on the pitch is becoming more obvious with every passing month. Tierney’s natural…

~_~

A crestfallen Jordan Rossiter believes that not even winning a trophy this season would atone for Rangers’ awful European exit to tiny Progrès Niederkorn.

The midfielder spoke on behalf of the shamed Rangers team which crashed to the worst result any Scottish club has suffered in Europe, losing 2-0 to the Luxembourg team which had never previously won a single game in Uefa competition.

The anger of fans who jeered and shouted abuse at the Rangers management and players on the team bus, as it pulled away from the Stade Josy Barthel in Luxembourg, brought home exactly what they thought about the capitulation. Rossiter apologised to the supporters who had travelled and then let rip.

“They have got every right; I have got no words,”…

~_~

Only at Rangers could bad news be buried by … more bad news. The long-awaited resolution of the “big tax case” will not cost Rangers a penny, but the reputational damage is incalculable. Rivals will call them “cheats” forever and are already doing so, with undisguised glee. It is a stain which will never wash off. Rangers can thank David Murray for that.

His headlong plunge into industrial scale use of Employee Benefit Trusts ruined Rangers years ago. Yesterday’s decision, whichever way it went, couldn’t change that. Back then, it was the prospect of a huge tax liability that frightened off potential buyers and drove the club into the hands of a charlatan, Craig Whyte, for that risible toss of a pound coin. The continuing…

~_~

After the storm, the calm. Just before 11pm on Tuesday night around 150 Rangers fans shouted, jeered and vented their spleens at the team bus as it pulled away from the scene of the most lamentable result their club had ever delivered. It was a mob, visceral and angry, shouting and walking alongside the bus as it slowly manoeuvred through traffic. Fingers were jabbed towards the faces behind the windows. One guy was in danger of being run over as he jumped and yelled, virtually hurling himself towards the side of the bus, furious. By then they had chanted “out, out, out” at Pedro Caixinha and “you’re not fit to wear the shirt” at his players.

Within an hour everything was quiet. The Rangers travelling…

~_~

New evidence claiming that the Stardust fire began on the first floor of the nightclub may finally be presented to a retired senior judge today.

Judge Pat McCartan was given the task of conducting a scoping report into the new evidence brought forward by the families of victims, and was asked by the government to ascertain whether a statutory commission of inquiry should be established.

Major delays have bogged down his review into the 1981 tragedy that claimed 48 lives. Despite being asked in March to deliver his report within 90 days he is yet to consider any evidence.

Acting on legal advice, the Stardust Relatives and Victims Committee (SRVC) refused to hand over the document containing new evidence and is looking for the “payment…

~_~

Catherine Noone said evidence for and against such a law would be heard GARETH CHANEY/COLLINS PHOTO AGENCY

The Oireachtas abortion committee has amended its draft guidelines to ensure that free access to abortion is considered as a possible new law.

The 21 TDs and senators tasked with paving the way towards a referendum on the Eighth Amendment next year have also rejected plans to consider tests for access to legal terminations.

At its first full meeting yesterday it was decided to delete a section of the draft guidelines which said that considering access to abortion up to 12 weeks, recommended by the citizens’ assembly, would be a “political” decision and not one decided by further evidence.

Catherine Noone, the committee chairwoman, confirmed last night that free access to abortion for all women would be discussed and evidence for and against such a…

~_~

Simon Coveney wanted an Air Corps pilot to fly him to Cork in dense fog DEFENCE FORCES/PA

The taoiseach has defended Simon Coveney in a row over a claim the foreign affairs minister pressurised an Air Corps pilot to fly him from Dublin to Cork in poor weather conditions.

Mr Coveney, who was defence minister at the time, contacted the pilot directly to question why a helicopter could not be provided for the trip.

Leo Varadkar said it was not correct to categorise the minister’s phone call as intimidatory. “I certainly don’t think that was minister Coveney’s intention. It was, rather, just to ask a question,” the taoiseach said.

“When it comes to aviation, safety must be first. It is always the pilot’s decision, not the passenger’s, as to whether they should fly or not.

“There is absolutely no suggestion that minister…

~_~

Gerard Hanberry unveils the muses behind Ireland’s greatest songs, such as Joyce Redmond in Galway Girl JOE O’SHAUGHNESSY

From On Raglan Road to Galway Girl, a new book has unearthed the identity of the women who inspired some of the greatest Irish love ballads ever written.

Gerard Hanberry’s Great Irish Love Songs and the Women who Inspired Them dissects popular Irish songs, whose common denominator is that women influenced them.

Hanberry, a poet who lives in Galway, said that he wrote the book having heard one too many incorrect accounts of the roots of some of Ireland’s most famous songs.

“I often heard people speculating on who had inspired Patrick Kavanagh to write On Raglan Road and some of the speculation was so far from the truth that it spurred the idea of setting the record straight,” he said.

“I realised there were…

~_~

The row between Jeff Hendrick and another man was just “drunken handbags”, a court has been told.

Mr Hendrick, 25, the Ireland footballer, and his co-accused, Jonathan Doran, 26, deny charges of committing violent disorder outside a nightclub in 2013. Mr Doran also denies assault.

Darren McDermott told Dublin circuit criminal court that Mr Hendrick dragged him from a taxi outside the club in Harcourt Street, Dublin on October 12, 2013 shortly after a verbal row inside the club. He said that he had ended up on the ground and received kicks to his head, face, chest and back.

He is now suing the footballer and the nightclub for damages.

Under cross-examination by Sean Gillane, SC, defending Mr Hendrick, Mr McDermott said he could not…

~_~

Simon Harris, the health minister, said cancer prevention would form a key part of the overall strategy GARETH CHANEY/COLLINS

The government has committed to matching the best cancer survival rates in Europe despite cases of the disease being set to double by 2040.

The pledge is at the centre of the ten-year National Cancer Strategy, which involves spending of more than €100 million a year on cancer treatment.

The “patient focused” document makes 52 recommendations including increased screenings for early detection, an age-appropriate facility for adolescents with cancer and wider access to psychological support services for patients who have completed therapy.

It will also establish a number of positions, including a national lead for cancer molecular diagnostics, and clinical leads in geriatric oncology and cancer nursing.

The HSE’s National Cancer Control Programme (NCCP) will implement the strategy and it will also develop a cancer…

~_~

The health minister has urged people not to look online for medical advice or listen to unqualified practitioners who claim that vaccines do not save lives.

Simon Harris said that online sources and anonymous campaigns had spread inaccurate information about the efficacy of vaccines which meant lives were being put at risk.

It has been claimed that Gardasil, the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine, causes chronic fatigue syndrome. The vaccine protects against four strains of the virus which can lead to cervical cancer and genital warts.

“Social media has many positive aspects, and I use it an awful lot myself, but if I need medical advice I go to see a doctor or a qualified medical professional who can give me that sort of advice,” Mr…

~_~

Campaign groups say a change in the law gives less protection to prostitutes YUI MOK/PA

A new anti-trafficking law has been blamed for a spate of knife attacks on transgender sex workers in Dublin.

The Sex Workers Alliance Ireland (SWAI) said there had been ten cases in the inner city since May where sex workers were attacked by men posing as clients.

SWAI told The Times it believed that new legislation, which has doubled the penalties for sex workers who live together, had directly contributed to the attacks because more women were working alone. It has requested an urgent meeting with Charlie Flanagan, the justice minister, to discuss the cases.

It has been illegal to pay for sex in Ireland since February this year.

Frances Fitzgerald, the former justice minister, had been warned repeatedly in the Dáil and by activists…

~_~

Michael D Higgins is said to take great pride in his fruitful organic gardens MAXWELLS DUBLIN

An attempt by Michael D Higgins to make the organic kitchen garden at Áras an Uachtaráin more self-sufficient has failed to come to fruition.

A plan to use manure from garda horses kept on the Áras grounds as compost on the plots has fallen through because the equine excrement contains too many wood shavings.

The president is “very proud” of the organic status of the kitchen garden, which was awarded to it seven years ago by the Organic Trust.

Menus at state dinners often boast that the garden in the Áras is the source of the fruit and vegetables served. Apples, plums and strawberries are grown in the Áras orchard and are sometimes used to make juice for guests, while flowers grown in the plots…

~_~

The husband of a woman who died during a routine procedure at the National Maternity Hospital has called for an independent inquiry.

Malak Thawley, 35, a US citizen living in Dublin, was being treated for an ectopic pregnancy when she suffered a tear to her abdominal aorta during keyhole surgery and died. She and her husband, Alan Thawley, were expecting their first child.

Mr Thawley said yesterday that he felt “anger, disappointment and outrage” listening to what he claimed were inconsistencies in the response of the hospital. Simon Harris, the health minister, has already rejected calls for an independent inquiry into the case.

Last month a coroner returned a verdict of medical misadventure. There had been a shortage of blood at the hospital, medical equipment…

~_~

Tony Robinson and his team are exploring how steam behaves in space

A professor from Trinity College Dublin has had a taste of life as an astronaut aboard a zero-gravity “vomit comet” flight over the Atlantic.

Tony Robinson was conducting a series of experiments on the behaviour of evaporating water on behalf of the European Space Agency.

The outcome of his work, which is examining the potential of steam in powering spacecraft, could go on to be used on board the International Space Station in years to come.

Dr Robinson, an associate professor in mechanical and manufacturing engineering, conducted several experiments during a 120-minute flight aboard a specially adapted aircraft. The so-called vomit comet takes its name from the large number of passengers who experience air sickness while on board.

Dr Robinson’s aim is to discover effective…

~_~

Joan Burton, the former tánaiste, has opposed the development EAMONN FARRELL/ROLLINGNEWS

A German discount supermarket chain has been given the go-ahead for a new store in an upmarket Dublin suburb, despite opposition from locals including the taoiseach and a former tánaiste.

Lidl welcomed yesterday’s An Bord Pleanála ruling, which upholds the decision of Fingal county council to grant planning permission for the outlet as part of a €15 million mixed-use development in Castleknock village.

Three of the four Dublin West TDs — Leo Varadkar, Joan Burton, the former tánaiste and Labour leader, and Fianna Fáil’s Jack Chambers — opposed the new store, located in the heart of the constituency.

The project also includes three new buildings around a street and public spaces, which will also have a medical centre, bakery, off-licence, underground car park and several…

~_~

Brian O’Driscoll, Enda Kenny, and Dick Spring promoted Ireland’s bid to host the cup at an event last November BRIAN LAWLESS/PA

Shane Ross has defended the government’s decision to underwrite the tournament fee and basic budget for Ireland’s campaign to host the Rugby World Cup in 2023.

Controversy erupted over the €320 million bill after Eamon Ryan, the Green Party leader, claimed no risk analysis had been carried out.

“We should not commit €320 million of public money without any proper analysis as to where it’s going, what the risks are and what the potential benefits are,” Mr Ryan said yesterday.

Emergency legislation, set to be passed before the summer recess, came before the Dáil last night.

“This is the most energising piece of legislation I have introduced to this House,” Mr Ross, the sports minister, said.

“I don’t expect this to pass without controversy but…

~_~

The charges can range from €50 a month for incontinence pads to €100 a month for a weekend doctor service GETTY IMAGES

Older people are being prevented from choosing certain nursing homes because additional charges are being imposed, a report has warned.

Under the Fair Deal scheme, introduced in 2009, older people in need of long-term care are allowed to choose any nursing home that can meet their needs and that has a bed available. Residents must pay 80 per cent of their income towards the care but some homes are charging additional fees to be taken from the remaining 20 per cent.

The extra charges can range from €50 a month for excess incontinence pads to €100 a month for a weekend doctor service, according to a report from Age Action.

The average weekly income for applicants to the scheme in 2014 was €281. About 4…

~_~

The emergency bill will mean developers will not have to stop working to apply for fresh planning permission MARK STEDMAN/ROLLINGNEWS

Eoghan Murphy has published a bill to allow developers to gain a second planning permission extension to complete unfinished housing developments.

About 75 developments of 20 units or more will be affected by the housing minister’s proposed legislation. The Planning and Development (Amendment) Bill 2017 will ensure that construction does not come to a halt on sites that received planning approval before or during the economic crisis.

Progress on the developments was stalled by the housing crash and developers are now at risk of not completing them. Mr Murphy said that he is prepared to enact the emergency bill before the summer recess.

“As the economy began to recover much needed housing developments came up against planning deadlines for completion,” he said.

“The legislation I…

~_~

Laura Brophy said that she had no reason to smear Sergeant Maurice McCabe, the garda whistleblower LEAH FARRELL/ROLLINGNEWS.IE

An HSE psychologist has said that she would never consider deliberately defaming a garda whistleblower, the disclosures tribunal has heard.

The inquiry is examining claims that sexual abuse allegations were used as part of a campaign to smear Sergeant Maurice McCabe.

Mr Justice Peter Charleton, the tribunal chairman, suggested to Laura Brophy, a psychologist, that an error she made in 2013, when she incorrectly described allegations of serious child sex abuse against Sergeant McCabe, could have caused maximum trouble for the whistleblower at a time when he was undergoing disciplinary investigation.

“Oh my, there’s just no way I would consider doing that. It’s defamation of character,” Ms Brophy replied. “I can see how it would be catastrophic. I would never do something like that.”

Mr…

~_~

The Workplace Relations Commission said illegal employment was prevalent in fast food and takeaway restaurants GETTY IMAGES

Students and undocumented migrants make up the bulk of Ireland’s hidden illegal workforce, with high prevalence in the catering sector, a report found.

Illegal employment has a range of negative consequences from non-payment of taxes to poor working conditions and long hours, according to the report from the ESRI. About 4,830 inspections were carried out by the Workplace Relations Commission last year, resulting in 404 possible breaches of employment rights.

The report, titled Illegal Employment of non-EU Nationals in Ireland, said that the most common types of illegitimate work were students working outside permitted hours and undocumented migrants. Samantha Arnold, the report’s author, said that regulating those working outside the realms of their permits was “particularly difficult”.

The WRC said that issues with illegal employment…

~_~

Martin Shanahan, head of the IDA, and Frances Fitzgerald, the tánaiste, believe banking regulations should be upheld MAXWELL IRELAND

Rules governing financial services in Ireland are not deterring investment and do not need to be changed in any way, the head of the IDA has said.

Martin Shanahan, chief executive of the inward investment agency, said he had not met any company seeking weaker regulation of the Irish sector.

Fears had previously been raised that the Central Bank’s stringent regulatory approach was discouraging firms from investing in Ireland and driving jobs into the hands of competing jurisdictions.

Speaking in Dublin yesterday, Mr Shanahan said he was satisfied that the Central Bank had been very helpful in explaining the regulatory environment to prospective investors.

“I engage with financial services companies every day of the week and the one thing that is clear is that they…

~_~

Despite the challenges of the housing market, IDA Ireland has announced the creation of 11,000 jobs so far this year GETTY IMAGES

Overseas companies have warned that a lack of housing and high personal taxes could scupper future investment in Ireland, officials have said.

The warning from IDA Ireland came as it announced its results for the first half of 2017, with 114 investments that will create more than 11,000 new jobs over the coming years. The state agency said that the level of investment was “an extremely strong performance” given the circumstances.

The same number of investments had been approved at this point last year but with only 9,100 jobs attached.

Speaking at the launch of the agency’s half-year results in Dublin, Frances Fitzgerald, the enterprise minister, said the results showed that Ireland continued to be one of the strongest performers in Europe in terms of…

~_~

The sands are shifting under the abortion issue on the island of Ireland, both north and south.

Some of the politicians of Northern Ireland and the Republic may not like it, but they cannot have missed the ground moving under their feet, tilting them towards the thing that both groups of politicians dread most: fulfilling their responsibilities towards female taxpayers.

We sports fans know that sometimes a good player moves so fast that they are through the opposition’s defences and over the try line while the other team, and even their own supporters, are looking quite the other way.

So it was with Stella Creasy, the British Labour MP, as she burst from the ruck over the Tory-DUP deal at Westminster and ran the whole…

~_~

Terry Clune’s Succeed in Ireland is in a dispute with the IDA over the relative success of a job creation scheme LAURA HUTTON/PHOTOCALL IRELAND

The IDA has paid out almost €3.5 million in fees to ConnectIreland, the contractor it is embroiled in a longstanding dispute with, according to its chief executive.

ConnectIreland, founded by entrepreneur Terry Clune in 2012, and the state development agency are in conflict over the administration of the Succeed in Ireland job creation scheme.

Under the scheme, which was set up at the height of the recession, members of the public — and of the diaspora in particular — were encouraged to introduce potential foreign investors to Ireland in exchange for a cash reward.

The dispute is over the number of jobs created by the scheme. ConnectIreland claimed 1,046 jobs had been created with a further 1,300 in the pipeline. IDA Ireland has verified only…

~_~

The Central Bank is weighing up the ability of credit unions to invest in social housing after the closure of a consultation process last week.

Credit unions have expressed frustration at the government for not altering regulations to allow them to invest in housing during a time of chronic shortage in new supply. The state’s financial regulator requested input from stakeholders in May, which attracted 70 submissions from approved housing bodies, TDs and credit unions.

Restrictions introduced as part of the Credit Union Act 1997 limits the potential for the unions to provide funding for social housing because they are only allowed to provide services to their membership. The regulations also prevent credit unions from lending outside their community, meaning any approved housing body seeking…

~_~

There have been calls to raise the living wage guideline to €11.70 an hour GETTY IMAGES

Ibec, the country’s largest business representative body, has branded the living wage a “fundamentally flawed concept” which does not take into account companies’ ability to pay higher wages.

Ibec made the claim in response to an announcement on Tuesday from the Living Wage Technical Group — an association of researchers, academics and trade unionists — that the living wage needed to be increased to €11.70 an hour, a 20 cent rise on the present rate. The figure is a guideline on the minimum amount that someone working 39 hours a week would need to earn to be able to afford a “basic but reasonable” standard of living.

Maeve McElwee, director of employer relations at Ibec, said that the concept of a living wage did not…

~_~

Murray, a tryscorer in the second Test, will start at scrum half for the Lions MARC ASPLAND/THE TIMES

Four Ireland players will start for the British & Irish Lions in Saturday’s deciding Test at Eden Park after Warren Gatland named an unchanged team from the one that beat New Zealand in Wellington.

Johnny Sexton starts at fly half, Conor Murray, a tryscorer last Saturday, retains his spot at scrum half while flanker Sean O’Brien and tight-head Tadhg Furlong are also included. Jack McGrath and CJ Stander will be on the bench, but once again there is no place for Peter O’Mahony, who captained the side in the first Test.

It is the first time since 1993 that the Lions have named an unchanged team, after Liam Williams was cleared to start. The Saracens-bound full back gave the Lions an injury scare when he…

~_~

He doesn’t care much for Game of Thrones, but slaying a few rivals and ruling for a generation is still perfectly acceptable as far as Rory McIlroy is concerned.

McIlroy revealed his viewing habits — his preference is for gritty, real-life dramas apparently — on the eve of the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open at Portstewart, which is hosted by his own charitable foundation. The 28-year-old’s immediate target is the defence of the title he won at the K Club last year, but after falling from second to fourth in the world rankings over the course of the past six months he has a bigger picture in mind.

“I know where I am and I realise that I’m a long way off where I want…

~_~

Walters is likely to join four other Ireland team-mates at Burnley CHARLES MCQUILLAN/GETTY IMAGES

Burnley have had a bid of £3 million for Jon Walters accepted by Stoke City, with the Ireland forward due to undergo a medical with the Premier League club today.

As a result, Walters will become the fifth Ireland international, along with Kevin Long, Stephen Ward, Jeff Hendrick and Robbie Brady on the Lancashire club’s books. Walters scored 62 goals in 271 appearances during his seven years with Stoke, but is one of two Ireland internationals due to leave the club this week, as Aston Villa are in talks with Glenn Whelan.

The Championship side had a £500,000 bid for Whelan rejected last month but Steve Bruce, the Aston Villa manager, is hopeful of securing a deal. “I think we need to have a bit…

~_~

If Dundalk supporters are seeking solace after the loss of Andy Boyle, Daryl Horgan and — in all likelihood — their league title, then here it is. The old team has gone but reconstruction work on the new one is almost complete. With Dylan Connolly added to their playing roster, following his transfer from Bray Wanderers last Thursday, Dundalk finally have a player with the pace and quality to fill the sizeable void that Horgan left behind.

Just as significant is the quiet efficiency with which Niclas Vemmelund goes about his business. Boyle, similarly, played with an assurance that was often overlooked, although not by Martin O’Neill, who called him up to the Ireland squad for last November’s World Cup qualifier in Austria, subsequently capping…

~_~

Shamrock Rovers (1) v Stjarnan (0)

Tallaght, 8pm

A large framed picture of Shamrock Rovers’ 1957 European Cup game with Manchester United’s Busby Babes hangs on the wall of the club’s press room. And this was where we found Tomer Chencinski, the club’s goalkeeper, yesterday, as he talked about making history, while surrounded by it.

For Chencinski, a Canadian whose nomadic career has brought him to Dublin via Finland, Sweden and Israel, every day is a school day. Fed on stories of the club’s 2011 Europa League adventure, when they became the first Irish team to reach the group stages of the Europa League, he has yet to get to grips with the club’s most famous European game, 60 years ago.

In any case, he is eager…

~_~

By way of a backdrop to this Leinster Under-21 hurling final, there is one important piece of information to be aware of.

Three years ago, the same cohort of Kilkenny youngsters won the All-Ireland minor title. As such, and frequently though these things don’t work out so conveniently, they were entitled to win here. The scoreline indicates the ease with which they did so.

By half-time they were eight points up, 0-17 to 1-6. No fewer than 13 of their scores had arrived from play, with seven different contributors. Of equal, if not greater, significance was the fact that they were also a man up following Brian Quigley’s dismissal on a straight red card after 18 minutes, for a wild pull on Richie Leahy under…

~_~

Cunningham’s reign is likely to end if Dublin are defeated by Tipperary TOMMY DICKSON/INPHO

Liam Rushe did not fare so well in last November’s AIG Skills Challenge event involving various Dublin hurlers, footballers and New Zealand rugby players. For the record, Rieko Ioane, a defeated All Black last weekend, finished top of an eight-man leaderboard at the corporate event with Rushe, the Dublin hurling captain, back in fifth.

Rushe performed a more important function that evening at Castleknock College when he came out batting on behalf of Ger Cunningham, Dublin’s embattled manager. Going into his third season in charge, Cunningham had just named a 38-man pre-season panel that was notable for the omission of several big names.

Johnny McCaffrey, their Leinster title-winning captain in 2013, was not there. Paul Ryan, the scorer of 2-7 against Galway in that final,…

~_~

McManus, left, has been in prolific scoring form for Monaghan TOM BEARY/INPHO

It is the great GAA barstool debate that just about everyone has a view on: who is football’s best forward?

Colm Cooper and Bernard Brogan would have topped most polls over the past ten years, though Cooper has now retired in Kerry and Brogan, while still a lethal finisher for Dublin, is more of an impact substitute these days.

On current form, James O’Donoghue in Kerry may be Ireland’s best though Cillian O’Connor, Sean Cavanagh and Michael Murphy remain influential performers.

McEnaney feels that McManus is the most lethal forward around at the moment DONALL FARMER/INPHO

Seamus “Banty” McEnaney, the Wexford manager, has a view on this, though, and is adamant that Conor McManus, of Monaghan, is the country’s most lethal forward.

McEnaney speaks from a position of authority, having handed McManus his debut while managing Monaghan between 2004 and…

~_~

Last Saturday afternoon we spotted Brian O’Driscoll walking briskly through a hotel foyer, hoody up to protect him from the Wellington rain and also from recognition. He was down here doing some promotional work, apparently. The money must be good. New Zealand would not rank in his top three holiday destinations. Or his top thousand, come to think of it.

The sight of O’Driscoll was a reminder of how tough a rugby environment this is, a reminder also of how heavily elite sportsmen rely on dumb luck. No matter how brilliant your natural talent or how much science goes into your preparation, your fate is about as predictable as the bounce of a rugby ball.

O’Driscoll had zero good fortune here in 2005, of course.…

~_~

Shane Lowry had a point: the European Tour attempted to get down with the kids this week by permitting mobile phone photography in all areas of the course at the Irish Open and offering a prize for the best photograph.

It is presumably based on the premise that for the iPhone generation every experience must have some kind of digital memorial that can be transmitted on social media. Once upon a time, young people scrawled on the doors of public toilets but you never knew your audience and interactivity was out of the question. The practice of lavatory scrawling, however, went out with Polaroids.

To bend Samuel Beckett, Lowry was concerned about the stain on the silence. “Trying to get 25,000 people to use their…

~_~

