Alibaba launching the TMall Genie digital-assistant speaker, similar to Amazon's Alexa, as the Chinese e-commerce powerhouse becomes the latest to offer an artificial intelligence device for the home.

~_~

Alibaba launching the TMall Genie digital-assistant speaker, similar to Amazon's Alexa, as the Chinese e-commerce powerhouse becomes the latest to offer an artificial intelligence device for the home.

~_~

A sharp drop in oil prices dragged the energy sector lower. That kept the Dow and S&P 500 near the unchanged mark. But gains in technology stocks lifted the Nasdaq. Crude prices fell hurt by a stronger dollar and concerns about rising OPEC exports. Shares of Exxon and Chevron went along for the ride. Keith Bliss of Cuttone. (SOUNDBITE) KEITH BLISS, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, DIRECTOR OF SALES AND MARKETING, CUTTONE & CO. LLC, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "I just see no way, especially given the amount to production coming out of North America, the amount of export coming out of North America, particularly the United States. I just no way that crude oil, either on the West Texas Intermediate or the Brent Crude levels, will break out above the $45 to $55 range. And therefore that's gonna keep energy stocks locked in." New orders for U.S.-made goods fell more than expected in May. But capital equipment orders were slightly stronger, suggesting the manufacturing sector is growing. Minutes from the Fed's meeting in June showed policymakers were split on the outlook for inflation, and how it will affect the future pace of rate increases. On the trading floor... Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Micron, and Nvidia were among the best performers in the tech sector. On the flipside... U.S. credit card processor Vantiv agreed to buy Britain's Worldpay for $10 billion. Both stocks tanked. O'Reilly Automotive plunged after reporting disappointing sales. In Europe, stocks ended the day higher.

~_~

U.S. biggest chain of sandwich shops - Subway - plans to open 500 more locations in the UK and Ireland over the next three years. The move will create about 5,000 jobs. Subway already has 2,500 stores in the region. The company said it's expanding in response to consumer demand. Britain's food-to-go market is growing quickly. It is forecast to be worth nearly $29 billion by 2021, according to industry research group IGD. Technomic's David Henkes: (SOUNDBITE) DAVID HENKES, SENIOR PRINCIPAL, ADVISORY GROUP (ENGLISH) SAYING: "It's pretty clear from Subway's results here in the United States, that they're looking for growth externally. The U.S. is a very saturated market, and Subway is by far the largest restaurant chain in the United States, so growth here has been challenging, so, whether it's Europe, Asia, or other parts of the globe, Subway is clearly looking at international opportunities as a way to continue the growth trajectory, and it certainly makes sense from that perspective." Subway's expansion in the UK comes after the company closed 359 restaurants in the United States last year. Subway is owned by a U.S.-based firm Doctor's Associates. It operates as a franchise. Globally it has more than 44,000 outlets in 112 countries.

~_~

It's one of the biggest business deals in a long time for Airbus. The aircraft manufacturer is selling 140 of its planes to China. Including its A320 and A350 aircraft.. a deal worth almost 23 billion dollars. The planes will be bought by a state-owned aviation company..And then allocated to Chinese airlines. It's the first major news from Airbus since the company's restructure.. And merge of its parent company and its dominant planemaking arm. More deals could also be on the way.. China is said to be interested in Airbus's A380 superjumbo.. That would be a welcome boost to the company's new jet airliner... Which has recently seen sales stall.

~_~

Not everyone likes globalisation .... Though China's new loan to Berlin zoo don't seem to mind it .... And Germany and the EU are sending out strong signals they still want it - with or without Donald Trump and the US. Angela Merkel plays host to the Chinese president - agreeing to cooperate on aerospace - and crucially, trade. In Brussels, EU and Japanese officials are already ahead - as they move towards a full free trade deal. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: What we're seeing ... is really a very heavy message aimed at President Trump that the world of protectionism which he envisages is not acceptable to the rest of the world. For the EU, it means striking agreements in potentially tricky markets - like Japanese cars and European farm produce. But the desire to compromise does appear to be there. (SOUNDBITE) (English) EUROPEAN BUSINESS LOBBY GROUP BUSINESSEUROPE DIRECTOR, LUISA SANTOS, SAYING: It is important if the EU and Japan conclude this agreement just before the G20 Summit. It will be an important political sign also for other economies that trade is good. For a German leader who sees her country as a beacon of human rights, it may also mean compromise. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: Angela Merkel is very keen to keep open those those avenues to China and perhaps she's having to swallow things which he's less comfortable with in having those discussions with President Xi. After a new missile test on the Korean peninsula this week - there are other global challenges too where the EU could do with a helping Chinese hand. Though what might win all sides over in the end is the bare necessities .... A deal between Japan and the EU could boost joint trade by a third, say officials. Merkel, in the meantime, keen for a quick signing of an investment treaty that could also turn into a full-blown free trade agreement.

~_~

The U.S. government sought to intervene in Apple's tax troubles in Europe, a source told Reuters. Last August, the European Commission said Apple had received illegal tax breaks in Ireland, and it ordered the company to pay back close to $15 billion. The decision was criticized by the Obama administration. Trump's White House has not said anything in public about the case. In December, Apple appealed the EC decision in the Luxembourg-based General Court, Europe's second-highest. This is where the U.S. government filed its application to intervene in the case. The court is expected to hear the case in late 2018. Apple is not the only U. S. company in the EU crosshairs over tax deals. Others include Amazon, McDonald's, and Starbucks.

~_~

Vantiv’s shares fell as it revealed a plan to buy UK payment processor Worldpay for $10 billion. Jeff Goldfarb and John Foley discuss the deal’s logic, and why U.S. bank JPMorgan plays an unusual bit part.

~_~

Volvo is going all-in on clean cars. The Swedish firm saying all new models after 2019 will be electric or hybrids. That makes it the first big automaker to set a date for phasing out traditional engines. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CHAIRMAN OF THE EXECUTIVE BOARD OF VOLVO CARS CORPORATION HAKAN SAMUELSSON SAYING: "We are reacting to customer demand, asking for electrified cars and of course it is also the way for us to cut down when it comes to C02 levels and reducing our carbon footprint." Here's one reason for the Volvo move. Elon Musk's Tesla brand enjoying a sales boom. Its new Model 3 going into full production this week - having already racked up over 300-thousand orders. The company credited with making electric cars not only credible, but desirable. Volvo wants to get in on the action: SOUNDBITE (English) REUTERS REPORTER, NICK POLLARD SAYING: "Under Geely ownership Volvo has been moving upmarket, becoming more of a luxury car that can take on rivals such as Daimler's Mercedes Benz and BMW / So what they're doing now is adding a technological trend that is really prevalent in the car industry, which is electrification, and that again will go back to define Volvo as a car not only the old school safe Volvo but also a more luxurious and cutting edge car." Volvo will continue to sell petrol and diesel cars developed before 2019. But there will be no new investment in traditional engines. Another sign, perhaps, that the era of the gas guzzler is coming to an end.

~_~

Everyone loves a bargain - especially when Brexit pushes up the pound. And, seemingly, pushes down the UK economy. The latest PMI completes an unhappy trio this week of manufacturing, construction and now services. All coming in below forecasts. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "The evidence is that the consumer is slowing down very rapidly. What we're not yet seeing is a sufficient uptick in business investment and trade to offset that." At a four-month low of 53.4 in June for services, it still points to expansion. But the forward-looking expectations index was weaker than it's been since just after last June's Brexit vote. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "The honeymoon period that we enjoyed post referendum has really come off the boil ... And ahead of the Brexit negotiations that's a real problem because we now face two years at least of difficult conditions for the U.K. economy." There are bargains in the euro zone - but perhaps less of a rush for them. New data for May shows retail sales up 2.6 per cent on the year. That's higher than forecast. As is the euro zone's composite PMI for services and manufacturing. At 56.3 for June, it's still close to a six-year high. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "The interesting thing about the numbers is quite how broad based they are. We're seeing recoveries really right the way across the euro zone and across different sectors but particularly the service sector which of course is so important." After recent hints from Mario Draghi, economists see the ECB edging closer to tightening its ultra-loose stimulus programme. That's showing no signs of spoiling the sentiment just yet .... New business is strong - and survey compilers IHS tip a healthy 0.7 per cent upswing in growth this quarter. That too above previous forecasts.

~_~

It's been through a lot in its 545 year history and things could be looking up again for the world's oldest bank. Italy's Monte dei Paschi says a return to profit is now on the horizon... After the European Commission approved a restructuring plan.. including a 5.4 billion euro government bailout. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "Question marks still remain about the legality and the wisdom of allowing the Italian state to bailout its banks, it will after all take a 70 percent stake in Monte Dei Paschi." Monte dei Paschi has been at the forefront of Italy's banking crisis. Burdened by bad loans and a mismanagement scandal. In the past week, Rome has begun to try and turn it, and other ailing banks around. Bailing them out, to the tune of more than 20 billion euros. Despite new EU rules which object to the practice. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "Clearly there are voices within the euro zone, particularly in Germany, which are unhappy about state aid being used to bailout banks. What's interesting is the long shadow that the financial crisis continues to cast over the European banking system." Since then, only Greece, has seen such big state bailouts. Monte Dei Paschi has promised reform though.. Including cutting thousands of jobs, hundreds of branches... And selling more than 28 billion euros of bad loans with the help of a bank rescue fund.

~_~

All Volvo car models launched after 2019 will be electric or hybrids, making it the first major traditional automaker to set a date for phasing out vehicles powered solely by the internal combustion engine.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Tencent shrugs off concerns that a move to limit play time for some users of its top-grossing ''Honour of Kings'' game could hurt its bottom line, saying those targeted make up only a small portion of its overall user base. Samantha Vadas reports.

~_~

It's already a force to be reckoned with in Spain. Now Gas Natural reportedly has plans to move into Portugal. Reuters sources say the Barcelona-based power and gas company has approached rival EDP about merging. Together they'd be Europe's fourth biggest utility by market value behind France's Engie and EDF and not far behind Enel and Iberdrola . EDP CEO Antonio Mexia has apparently been contacted by Gas Natural's Chairman and the potential deal would be worth 35 billion euros. It could also trigger a wave of consolidation among the region's big utilities. Many are seeking to gain scale and shift their revenue streams towards renewables to protect profits from steep competition and narrower margins. Local media is reporting that EDP has denied talks have taken place. But a Gas Natural-EDP merger is seen as a good strategic fit The two have a complementary footprint. The Spanish firm is strong in Chile and Mexico - while the Portuguese group is strong in Brazil and the United States.

~_~

It hasn't always been a friendly welcome for ride-hailing app Uber in Europe.... And now it's facing a fresh setback. The European Court advising Tuesday that France was entitled to charge local Uber managers with running an illegal taxi service. It concerns its unlicensed chaffeur option UberPOP. Judges will make a final ruling later this year. (SOUNDBITE) (French) ADVOCATE GENERAL AT THE EUROPEAN COURT OF JUSTICE, YVES BOT, SAYING: "The law prohibits a system which puts customers in touch with people who carry passengers in contravention of the rules which apply to such transport activities." Uber has revolutionised the taxi industry and challenged transportation regulations worldwide. But it hasn't been easy. Many of its ventures have met with angry protests by taxi operators concerned for their future. It faced legal action over UberPOP in France in 2015.... And discontinued the service. It now only operates with licensed cab drivers in many of its main European markets. The U.S. tech giant says the case only concerns a service it no longer provides. The court battle comes at a tumultuous time for the U.S. tech company, with chief executive Travis Kalanick forced to stand down last month. He'd been under pressure from investors after a string of setbacks, as well as probes into a culture of sexism at the firm.

~_~

South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics says it plans to invest $18.6bln in memory chips and phone screens as part of moves to extend its lead in smartphone components.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

At a court in Australia... These women are taking action against a pharmaceutical giant. A Johnson and Johnson implant supposed to treat pelvic floor damage after child birth.. They say - has been more harm than help. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CLAIMANT, JOANNE MANINON SAYING: "For me mainly, it's been the pain, ongoing pain. I had my mesh removed overseas so I've been through a lot of trauma and recovery is just been probably even harder since I've had the mesh removed." (SOUNDBITE) (English) CLAIMANT, GAI THOMPSON SAYING: "No amount of compensation, money, could ever replace what we've lost, with our lives, with our families, our health, our emotional health, our physical health." The case is one of Australia's largest ever product liability class actions... With more than 700 women taking part. They join hundreds of thousands of others battling similar cases... in the U.S. Canada and Europe. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CLASS ACTION LAWYER, SHINE LAWYERS, REBECCA JANCAUSKAS SAYING: "The consequences suffered by these women have been horrific and so many have suffered in silence for years. Today is their chance to be heard, and to seek justice for what they've lost. This is about accountability and ensuring that this never happens again." Johnson and Johnson says it's only aware of 200 complaints in Australia. But it still has plenty of challenges ahead. An Australian parliamentary committee is holding an inquiry into the implants... It's expected to report the findings later this year.

~_~

The cranes point one way. Up - for a UK construction sector whose PMI reading hit an 18-month high in May. June offers a different view. At 54.8 the PMI has come up short against expectations. With optimism at a four-month low. As the sector zeroes in on political and economic uncertainty. (SOUNDBITE) (English) GLOBAL FINANCIAL ECONOMIST, COMMERZBANK, PETER DIXON, SAYING: "It hasn't really been particularly strong for the last couple of years. So I think what the data I think what the data are showing is that there may be indications of a slowdown in the works, with obviously a bit of a miss on the PMI manufacturing numbers yesterday." But as cost pressures pick up, inflation has become a burden for builders - as for Mark Carney and his rate-setters. For whom there is a new pressure: the threat of strike action at the Bank of England at the end of July. As anger spreads over a cap on public sector pay. (SOUNDBITE) (English) GLOBAL FINANCIAL ECONOMIST, COMMERZBANK, PETER DIXON, SAYING: "The problem the UK's austerity policy faces is that it was decisively rejected at last month's general election ...I think it's likely that at some point the UK will have to accept that it will have to loosen the purse strings a little bit, partly to compensate for the seven years of austerity ... And also, I think, to help cushion the economy in the wake of what is likely to be quite a painful Brexit as things currently stand. " Despite a near three per cent inflation rate, finance minister, Philip Hammond, says there'll be no policy change. But may eventually be forced to listen if the demands get louder.

~_~

The timing of Samsung's decision to invest at least $18.6 billion in its memory chips is interesting to say the least. It's almost doubling its usual investment in the business at a time when one of its key rivals is trying to sell its chip business. Taking advantage of Toshiba's turmoil may not be the main aim but there is great rivalry between South Korea and Japan. (SOUNDBITE): PETER DIXON, GLOBAL FINANCIAL ECONOMIST, COMMERZBANK, SAYING "Companies are deciding that they can't compete in certain areas and they are having to divest and, I think, in Japan where companies are beginning to divest out of what used to be called the base part of the I.T. sector." Demand for memory chips is on the up as smartphones and servers look to offer more features. Supplies are also short, particularly with high-end NAND chips. Samsung's plan promises to create up to 440,000 jobs by 2021. It will widen its lead in memory chips and could propel Asia's most valuable company to record profit this year. It also follows repeated calls from South Korea's new President Moon Jae-in for big businesses to invest more at home as part of a wider job-creation agenda. (SOUNDBITE): PETER DIXON, GLOBAL FINANCIAL ECONOMIST, COMMERZBANK, SAYING "There's an intensified amount of competition still coming from Taiwan. And of course as China continues to expand its industrialised base it too is a major player in the chip business and both will become increasingly so, I think, over the course of the next 10 years." Samsung may also be hoping the huge investment alleviates shareholder fears that major decisions could be delayed in the absence of Vice Chairman Jay Y. Lee. The leader of Samsung Group is on trial charged with bribing former president Park Geun-hye for political favours.

~_~

Dropbox is looking for underwriters. Sources told Reuters the data-sharing company could launch an Initial Public Offering later this year. If it does, Dropbox will be the biggest U.S. technology company to go public since Snap. Dropbox declined to comment. Liana Baker covers the story for Reuters: (SOUNDBITE) LIANA BAKER, CORRESPONDENT, REUTERS (ENGLISH) SAYING: "Dropbox was valued in 2014 at over $10 billion. Sources I'm speaking to don't think a $10 billion valuation will be possible. The big trend right now in IPOs is this down round IPOs. We've seen them a lot. We've seen them with Snapchat, we saw it with Box few years ago, which is Dropbox' biggest competitor. Companies are going public at a lower valuation than they raised money at privately." Dropbox started in 2007 as a free service for consumers to share large files. It now focuses on selling its services to companies.

~_~

Bank and oil shares sparkled, helping drive the Dow to a record high Monday. But a drop in tech stocks dragged the Nasdaq down in a shortened trading session ahead of the Independence Day holiday. Wells Fargo's Margie Patel: SOUNDBITE: MARGARET PATEL, SENIOR PORTFOLIO MANAGER, WELLS FARGO ASSET MANAGEMENT: "I think the economic numbers such as we had today, the PMIs, looke dpretty good. They showed that the industrial sectors were runing along. Some other data was mixed. But I think that's enough to keep the market going." Tesla shares falling. The electric vehicle maker says it's set to launch production of its new mass market sedan. CEO Elon Musk says it's on track to produce 20,000 Model 3s a month by December. Shares of General Motors and Ford zoomed higher even though new vehicles sales at both automakers fell in June. GM said it foresees stronger U.S. vehicle sales in the second half. Ford predicts an annualized sales rate that tops Wall Street's forecasts. Bankrate shares shot higher. Red Ventures is buying the operator of consumer finance websites like Bankrate.com and CreditCards.com for $1.2 billion. European markets shot sharply higher on a rally led by financial and energy shares.

~_~

General Motors, Ford, and Fiat Chrysler posted declines in U.S. new vehicle sales for June. GM blamed the pullback on daily rental sales. Ford suffered from lower fleet sales to rental agencies, businesses, and government. Edmunds' Jessica Caldwell: (SOUNDBITE) JESSICA CALDWELL, SENIOR ANALYST AND DIRECTOR OF PRICING AND INDUSTRY ANALYSIS, EDMUNDS.COM (ENGLISH) SAYING: "June was an okay month. I think it kind of rounds up the first half of the year. It's definitely off the record pace that we've seen in 2016, but sales certainly haven't fallen off the cliff. It's still shaping up to be a pretty strong sales year from historical perspective, but we do think that they will, autosales, will pick up in the second half." On the flipside, U.S. sales of Japanese automakers, such as Nissan, Toyota, and Honda, came in strong. Overall, industry sales surpassed Wall Street's expectations, and retail sales to consumers were relatively stable. That pushed auto shares up.

~_~

The first Tesla Model 3 is getting off the assembly line on Friday. That's what Tesla CEO Elon Musk tweeted on Sunday night. He also said that the mass market sedan passed all regulatory requirements for production two weeks ahead of schedule. He also tweeted: "Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be 100 cars and Sept above 1,500... Looks like we can reach 20,000 Model 3 cars per month in Dec." Tesla's stock fell on the news. Edmunds' Jessica Caldwell: (SOUNDBITE) JESSICA CALDWELL, SENIOR ANALYST AND DIRECTOR OF PRICING AND INDUSTRY ANALYSIS, EDMUNDS.COM (ENGLISH) SAYING: "It's still going to be hard to meet the demand, But, I think, what he is doing is, sending a sign out to those hundreds of thousands of people who are on the waiting list. You know, he is saying to them: 'Hey, don't lose faith, don't lose hope. I'm moving this along faster than you probably thought was possible." Tesla's previous launches for its Model S sedan and Model X sports utility vehicle were hit by production delays and initial quality issues. That made some analysts skeptical about the Model 3's July launch. Tesla has taken deposits on more than 300,000 Model 3s. The car costs $35,000.

~_~

They arrived at a London court one by one. Four former Barclays executives. Charged with conspiracy to commit fraud and providing unlawful financial assistance. SOUNDBITE (English) CITY INDEX MARKET ANALYST, KEN ODELUGA, SAYING: "It's highly significant, there's no doubt about that whatsoever. It's the first criminal charges against any senior executives in the U.K. related to the financial crisis. " John Varley, Roger Jenkins, Tom Kalaris and Richard Boath.. Are alleged to have committed the crimes during the 2008 global financial crisis... When Barclays made undisclosed payments to Qatar... As part of a 12 billion pound emergency fundraiser... SOUNDBITE (English) CITY INDEX MARKET ANALYST, KEN ODELUGA, SAYING: "You can't have one deal is in public in a number of other deals which are in private. That's completely against the principle of that sort of United Kingdom law and financial law which we all take great pride in having." It's taken five years of investigation to get to this point. Britain's SFO trying to uncover why Barclays didn't go the same way as other British banks which required major government bailouts. More may become clear in the court room now, the four are appearing for a second hearing later this month.

~_~

It would be the first strike action in over 50 years - Bank of England staff have voted to strike over pay. The Unite union says workers in the maintenance, parlours and security departments will be taking four days of action from the end of the month. The dispute is over a one percent increase. And if the bank fails to resolve it, the union plans to consult its members across other departments as part of an "escalation plan." It comes at a challenging time, as investors look for stability and calm in the UK economy, after weeks of political chaos. But if they were seeking reassurance in the latest manufacturing data, they were likely disappointed. British factories grew slower than expected in June as export orders rose at the weakest pace in five months. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CITY INDEX, MARKET ANALYST, KEN ODELUGA, SAYING: "What you're seeing in this case is the first sort of reluctance, maybe a sort of elasticity - price elasticity effects - happening. Where overseas buyers are starting to see, starting to react to some of the price rises that they're experiencing from the UK." Britain's economy barely grew in the first three months of the year. Consumers are facing the double hit of rising inflation, caused in part by the fall in the pound since the Brexit vote, and slowing wage growth. The manufacturing data shows that even the silver lining of a weak currency - more competitive exports - is proving elusive. It comes just as some policymakers at the BoE had started to signal that a first rate hike in a decade might be approaching in an attempt to curb the sharp rise in inflation. This latest data though might make officials think twice about raising rates just yet.

~_~

Linking its 9 trillion dollar bond market with overseas investors - Beijing's latest step to strengthen China's capital markets. China and Hong Kong launch the long-awaited "Bond Connect" programme to coincide with the 20th anniversary of Hong Kong's handover to Chinese rule. (SOUNDBITE) (English) HONG KONG CHIEF EXECUTIVE CARRIE LAM, SAYING: "Bond Connect marks another new chapter in the development in the access of mutual capital market access between the mainland and Hong Kong." The trading will initially commence "Northbound", meaning foreign investors can buy and sell Chinese bonds. Beijing has long been keen to increase foreign participation in its bond market, the world's' third-largest, where overseas holdings were less than 2 percent. (SOUNDBITE) (English) HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE CHAIRMAN, CHOW CHUNG KONG SAYING: "I expect it to become the most significant channel facilitating new international access and participation in China's inter-bank bond market and will enhance its price discovery and liquidity." Media reports suggest 20 market makers for the bond connect scheme had been approved, including 14 Chinese and six overseas institutions. But the launch had little immediate impact on the market. The yuan weakened against the dollar in Monday trade. Some analysts though say the programme is more about offering support for the Chinese currency in the longer term.

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 4, 2017 Czech Republic’s Karolina Pliskova celebrates winning the first round match against Russia’s Evgeniya Rodina REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 Czech Republic's Petra Kvitova in action during her second round match against USA's Madison Brengle REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

LONDON The Czech challenge for the Wimbledon women's title may have lost Petra Kvitova but third-seed and bookmaker's favorite Karolina Pliskova will continue her bid on Thursday.

While threats of thunderstorms in SW19 could mean some delays to the program on what could be a warm, muggy day, Pliskova will expect no disruption to her timetable.

Slovak Magdalena Rybarikova is an experienced campaigner, however, who is rebuilding her rankings after a series of injury woes and represents a tricky test on Centre Court.

Kvitova's attempt to repeat her triumphs in 2011 and 2014, ended with a second-round loss to 95th-ranked American Madison Brengle on Wednesday.

World number one Angelique Kerber is also in action, taking on Belgian veteran Kirsten Flipkens.

On the men's side, seven-times champion Roger Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two.

The pair will be looking to get a full game under their belts after their first round challenger both retired injured early in their contests on Tuesday.

(Reporting by Simon Evans; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

Gene Conley, the only man to win both a baseball World Series and an NBA championship in basketball, died on Tuesday at the age of 86, the Boston Red Sox said in a statement.

The right-handed pitcher played for the Red Sox as well as the Boston/Milwaukee Braves and Philadelphia Phillies during his 11 seasons from 1952 to 1963.

It was with the Braves that the three-time All Star won the World Series in 1957.

The 6ft 8in (2.03m) Conley, who had put basketball on hold for much of the mid-1950s while he concentrated on baseball, returned to hoops during the 1958-59 season and won the first of three consecutive NBA championships with the Boston Celtics.

After his retirement from sport, Conley and his wife, Katie, lived in Foxboro, Massachusetts, where they established the Foxboro Paper Company. They had three children and seven grandchildren.

(Reporting by Rory Carroll in Los Angeles, editing by Nick Mulvenney)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Tennis - Australian Open - Melbourne Park, Melbourne, Australia - 18/1/17 Australia's Bernard Tomic reacts during his Men's singles second round match against Victor Estrella Burgos of the Dominican Republic. REUTERS/Jason Reed

SYDNEY Australia reacted with indignation and some concern on Thursday to Bernard Tomic's admission after a lackluster first round defeat at Wimbledon that he was struggling to care about his results at major tournaments.

Tomic's comments came two days after the exit of Australia's other main men's hope Nick Kyrgios, who has had his own struggles with motivation and once said he did not even much like the game that gave him his living.

Kyrgios cut short his opener at the All England Club because of a hip problem but Tomic limped out with a listless 6-3 6-4 6-3 first-round defeat at the hands of Germany's Mischa Zverev.

His remarks afterwards sparked outrage among some of his predecessors in the top echelons of the game in Australia, a nation that has always prided itself on its mental toughness in the sporting arena.

Some closer to Tomic's home on the Gold Coast, however, were more concerned that the "mental issues" the 24-year-old admitted to having on court were indicative of wider problems for the once child prodigy.

Neil Guiney, who coached Tomic from the age of seven until his early teens, was not surprised by Tomic's words, which he felt might herald the end of his career.

"I've been expecting this for a long time," he told the Gold Coast Bulletin. "I just got the feeling that this is how things would draw to a close.

"He's never had the drive really since he was very, very young.

"He's talking about 'I'll play on for so many years and that will set me up for life'... he won't get in the draw, his ranking will drop down, down, down.

"The writing's been on the wall for a long time."

Tennis Gold Coast president Mike Ford, who has also known Tomic since he was a child, called for the player to be left alone.

"He's obviously going through a very dark period. He needs time and he needs space," he told the paper.

"I heard a commentator say he's taking up the spot of someone else -- no he isn't. He earned the spot, he's entitled to the prize money.

"Not many realize the work he had to do. He trained at Queens Park in Southport, was there every day with this dad, 11, 12, 13 years old and grinded himself into the court, hour after hour... I don't forget those sort of things."

(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney; Editing by John O'Brien)

~_~

Britain Tennis - Aegon Classic - Edgbaston Priory Club, Birmingham - June 19, 2017 Japan's Naomi Osaka in action during the first round against USA's Lauren Davis Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

The 19-year-old put out Czech 22nd seed Barbora Strycova 6-1 0-6 6-4 on Wednesday to set up Friday's third round clash with the five-times champion, who, at 37, is the oldest woman in the field.

"I kind of feel like I have been preparing for this my whole life," Osaka, ranked 59, told reporters.

"Playing her on a surface which is one of her best at a tournament which is one of her best, I'm really humbled to be able to come here from watching her on the TV."

The American 10th seed, who beat China's Wang Qiang 4-6 6-4 6-1 on Wednesday, began her Wimbledon career in June 1997, almost four months before Osaka was born.

"I have seen her play before. I think we play a really similar game," Venus told reporters.

"I hope that my experience will help me to play that game that we play better."

That Venus had spoken about her in her news conference was dizzying enough for Osaka.

"I'm kind of honored, because I don't think I would have started playing if Venus and Serena weren't there for me growing up," she said.

"I mean, it's kind of weird to hear that she, like, maybe she even talked about me."

For all her admiration for Venus, however, Osaka has always modeled herself on 23-times grand slam champion Serena.

"I'm kind of more of a Serena person. I mean, I like super love Venus, too, but Serena was my number one," said Osaka, whose older sister Mari is also a tennis player.

"I remember when me and my sister used to train at public courts and stuff, random people would be, like, 'Are you the next Venus and Serena?'

"I feel like they had a great role in us growing up. I always wanted to be Serena."

As for Venus, how was she going to deal with the challenge of playing Osaka? For her it was simple: "Win more points."

(Reporting by Alison Williams, editing by Nick Mulvenney)

~_~

Defending world long jump champion Greg Rutherford has been ruled out of the Anniversary Games in London on July 9 with an ankle ligament injury but hopes to recover in time for the World Championships in August, the 30-year-old has said.

Rutherford has struggled with injuries this year and underwent scans on his ankle after winning the long jump event at the Gavardo meeting in Italy last month. He also missed the British team trials last Saturday.

"After some really excellent training this year, the start to the season has been riddled with a series of troublesome injuries, most recently a problem with an ankle ligament," Rutherford said in a statement on his verified Twitter account.

"As a result, I am absolutely gutted to say that I am unable to compete at the Anniversary Games this weekend -- one of the greatest events in our sport."

"Obviously this isn't ideal, but I am doing everything to give myself the best chance of success at the World Championships in London... "

The former Olympic champion is scheduled to defend his title at the World Championships being held from Aug. 4-13.

(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 4, 2017 Switzerland’s Roger Federer waves to the crowd as he leaves court after Ukraine’s Alexandr Dolgopolov had to retire from their first round match REUTERS/Matthew Childs

LONDON Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after both were denied a chance to savor match-point glory in their first-round matches.

When seven-times champion Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two, they will be hoping to put on an entertaining show from start to finish after Tuesday's fans were left feeling rather short-changed.

Djokovic, winner of three titles here, was leading Martin Klizan 6-3 2-0 when the injured Slovakian went up to shake hands with the Serb after calling time on the match with only 40 minutes on the clock.

Unbelievably for the Centre Court crowd, there were given a repeat performance just over an hour later when Federer's opponent Alexandr Dolgopolov also pulled out when trailing 3-6 0-3.

While the seven first-round withdrawals in the men's field left many questioning if players who are not fully fit should be allowed to start a tournament, on the women's side of the draw the competitors will be keen to live up to Agnieszka Radwanska's observation that "girls are really, really tough".

The 2012 finalist takes on American Christina McHale while last year's runner up Angelique Kerber, who has struggled to recapture the form that carried her to two grand slam titles last year, will be hoping she survives a tricky match against Belgian Kirsten Flipkens.

(Editing by Ed Osmond)

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 Spain’s Rafael Nadal in action during his second round match against USA’s Donald Young REUTERS/Tony O'Brien

LONDON Rafa Nadal continued his imperious run of form as he swept aside American Donald Young 6-4 6-2 7-5 in the Wimbledon second round on Wednesday.

The two-times champion was rarely troubled by an opponent ranked 43rd in the world who chose to slug it out from the back of the court against the supreme Spanish baseliner.

The fourth seed, who has yet to drop a set in the tournament, will face Karen Khachanov in the third round. The 21-year-old Russian is tipped to be a future winner of grand slams.

"It might look easy at this moment in our sport, because there are three players that won 18, 15, and 12," he said, referring to Roger Federer, himself and Novak Djokovic.

"But it not a very long time ago when (Pete) Sampras had 14, and it looked like nobody was going to have the chance to increase that number," Nadal added.

"Karen is a great player, he has chances to win a lot. But then there are other good players out there."

On current form, few people would bet against Nadal.

The 31-year-old, fresh from winning his 10th French Open title last month, was roared on by the crowd and he seemed to be able to produce winners at will with his swashbuckling forehand.

Young, 27, sought to mix up his play in the third set by rushing the net and he broke the Spaniard's serve. But in the end there was nothing he could do to prevent the Nadal juggernaut rolling on.

As Nadal left Centre Court, he was slightly taken aback when a fan asked him to sign a prosthetic leg, but he politely agreed.

Asked whether that was the strangest thing he had autographed, he chuckled: "Probably not".

(Editing by Ed Osmond)

~_~

LONDON Dustin Brown's audacious attempt to unseat defending Wimbledon champion Andy Murray with a show-boating brand of serve and volley tennis was always likely to end in failure. And it did.

The crowd warmed to the dreadlocked German though, especially those pining for the days when grasscourt tennis really was grasscourt tennis and volleying was revered.

These days serve and volleyers are regarded as novelty attractions in a sport dominated by players more than happy to win back at the baseline.

Take a peak at the wear pattern on Wimbledon's lawns this week and the baselines are straw-colored and dusty.

It's a far cry from the days when net-rushing turf warriors like John McEnroe, Boris Becker and Pete Sampras left the baselines alone and chewed up the zone around the service boxes.

There are still players prepared to gamble though -- which is how Germany's Mischa Zverev describes his serve and volley game that bamboozled Murray at this year's Australian Open.

"It's like flipping a coin 200 times a day and then hopefully you win the majority of those coin tosses," the German 27th seed, who plays Mikhail Kukushkin on Thursday, says.

"You need to be ready mentally to (play serve and volley) for months and months at a time. Maybe lose 6-2 6-2, get passed 75 times, and still be okay the next time you do it."

There are multiple reasons, it appears, that only a handful of players -- Zverev, giant Croatian Ivo Karlovic, Luxembourg left-hander Gilles Muller, Queen's Club champion Feliciano Lopez and Ukraine's Sergiy Stakhovsky -- are serve and volleying.

In 2002, when critics decried the shortness of the rallies, Wimbledon switched to a harder-wearing rye grass.

The result was less skid, and higher more trustworthy bounce -- giving baseliners crucial extra time to line up their passing shots. Slower balls, enhanced strings -- offering more spin and control -- and the fact that modern groundstrokes have become so deadly are also contributory factors.

When Lleyton Hewitt, essentially a baseliner, won the Wimbledon title in 2002, serve-and-volley made up 33 percent of total points in the men's draw.

Now it is in single digits.

Yet when utilized the success rate is high. Muller followed his serve in a relatively modest 32 times during a five-set marathon against Czech Lukas Rosol on Wednesday but won 81 percent of those points.

"You have to mix it up, you can't give these guys too many targets," Muller, who was bumped up to 16th seed from a ranking of 26 because of his grasscourt acumen, told Reuters.

"But I use it a couple of times a game, maybe more. Back in 2001 when I was reached the junior final the courts were really fast. The bounce is still low, but it's slow too.

"That makes it harder."

Stakhovsky, who in 2013 famously beat Wimbledon king Roger Federer playing old-school serve and volley tennis, said the tactic can cause shocks every now and again but the percentages are loaded in favor of those who stay back.

"Dustin is one of the few that come in all the time but it's an unacceptable level of risk," the Ukrainian told Reuters after losing to Japan's Kei Nishikori.

"You won't get away with it. The pace of the courts are slow. It used to be a wide serve and volley into the corner, point done. Now a deep volley is not dangerous any more and you can become a sitting duck."

"I understand the spectators want to see longer rallies, not just 180 serves in a match, but somewhere along the lines it just went too much towards the extremes."

There is hope though for lovers of the volleying arts.

Ultimate baseline warrior Rafa Nadal played some sublime serve and volley points against Donald Young on Wednesday and Federer will employ the tactic.

"If I were coaching a young player I would teach them to serve and volley," 34-year-old Muller said.

"95 percent of the top 100 are not doing it so that means they never practise to prepare for a serve and volleyer coming at them. If you mix it up and throw in some serve and volley it makes the returner take more risks."

(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 4, 2017 Austria’s Dominic Thiem in action during his first round match against Canada’s Vasek Pospisil REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

LONDON French Open semi-finalist Dominic Thiem takes on France's Gilles Simon at Wimbledon on Thursday, hoping to make inroads into what has been the weakest grand slam for one of the so-called next generation of men's tennis.

The 23-year-old Austrian eighth seed produced one of his finest displays on clay to knock out holder Novak Djokovic in Paris last month, only to come up against the immovable obstacle of Rafa Nadal in the last four.

But in his past three Wimbledon appearances, Thiem has not made it past the second round - a run he will be hoping to end against 32-year-old Simon, who is ranked 36th in the world.

Simon reached the quarter-finals at the grasscourt slam in 2015 when he lost to Roger Federer in straight sets. He won his first-round match on Tuesday against Chile's Nicolas Jarry.

Thiem came into Wimbledon after losing to the world 222, India's Ramkumar Ramanathan, on the grass in Turkey's Antalya Open. He beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil to reach round two.

(Reporting by Alison Williams, editing by Ed Osmond)

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 China’s Qiang Wang in action during her second round match against USA’s Venus Williams REUTERS/Matthew Childs

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA’s Venus Williams in action during her second round match against China’s Qiang Wang REUTERS/Toby Melville

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA’s Venus Williams in action during her second round match against China’s Qiang Wang REUTERS/Toby Melville

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 China’s Qiang Wang in action during her second round match against USA’s Venus Williams REUTERS/Matthew Childs - RTX3A6GN

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA’s Venus Williams in action during her second round match against China’s Qiang Wang REUTERS/Matthew Childs

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA’s Venus Williams in action during her second round match against China’s Qiang Wang REUTERS/Matthew Childs

LONDON Five-times champion Venus Williams stayed on course to notch up 100 Wimbledon singles matches as she recovered from a bad start to beat China's Qiang Wang in the second round on Wednesday.

Her 97th contest at the All England Club was not going at all to plan but she recovered to win 4-6 6-4 6-1 on a sultry Court One. A run to the quarter-finals would complete the century for the 37-year-old.

"I had no idea. Wow. I never look at the stats. So, I'd love to reach 100. That would be awesome," Venus, flying the Williams family flag in the absence of her sister and reigning Wimbledon champion Serena who is on maternity leave, told reporters.

"I love doing this. You have to. It's a lot of work, a lot of pressure. It's not easy. Just love."

She has played more matches at Wimbledon than any other active player and, after Petra Kvitova's second-round defeat she is the only former champion left in the women's draw.

She needed all her experience to pull out a victory that for long periods looked beyond her as the errors piled up against the 55th-ranked Quiang who played with great poise in what was only her fourth singles match at Wimbledon.

When Williams served at 3-3, 15-40 in the second set a shock loomed but she scrambled out of trouble and broke in the 10th game with a backhand pass to level the match.

She ran away with the decider to book a third-round match against Japan's Naomi Osaka.

Williams came to Wimbledon under a cloud after being involved in a road traffic accident last month in Florida which resulted in the death of a 78-year-old man.

She broke down in tears after being asked about the subsequent police investigation on Monday, but this time was spared any more questions on the subject.

(Editing by Ed Osmond)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: An oil pump is seen operating in the Permian Basin near Midland, Texas, U.S. on May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Ernest Scheyder/File Photo

LONDON Oil recovered from a heavy fall while European stocks and bonds were in the red on Thursday, as markets waited to see if ECB meeting minutes would give clues on the bank's next moves.

The Federal Reserve gave mixed signals on Wednesday.

Market were sandwiched between what had been the largely inconclusive Fed minutes and Friday's U.S. jobs data and the start of a G20 summit that has risen in importance following this week's long-range missile test by North Korea.

The euro and the dollar were flat against each other but South Africa's rand, Turkish lira and Russian rouble buckled again after a wave of emerging market selling on Wednesday.

Bond yields, which drive global borrowing costs, were pushing higher again with benchmark U.S. Treasuries up for the sixth day in the last seven at just over 2.34 percent.

European yields and southern euro zone ones in particular were up too as investors waited to see whether the ECB would signal it is closer towards unwinding extraordinary stimulus after the Fed's minutes had shown it was still split.

"They want the process to look like paint drying," Charles Schwab UK managing director Kully Samra said of the Fed's stimulus reduction. "The S&P 500 is up 9 percent this year, so we are discouraging our clients to do anything dramatic."

Brent oil was at $48.35 a barrel in early European trading as it recovered 1 percent of the 4 percent lost on Wednesday after rising OPEC exports had raised fresh questions about the group's plans to cut back supply.

Gold was off 0.2 percent at $1,224.24 per ounce though it was up from an eight-week low of $1,217.14 it had hit the previous day.

The dollar meanwhile was stalled at 113.32 Japanese yen as it consolidated a near 1 percent gain this week and was also hovering at $1.13495 per euro.

Traders were wary of making any sudden moves before a flurry of U.S. data later, which includes ADP employment, ISM non-manufacturing PMI and the initial jobless claims report, all of which are appetizers ahead of Friday's Payrolls numbers.

Overnight in Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan ended down 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei slipped 0.5 percent as a stronger yen depressed the outlook for export earnings.

Trading in Asia has been buffeted this week by tensions on the Korean peninsula after North Korea fired a missile, which U.S. officials concluded was an intercontinental ballistic missile, into Japanese waters.

In Europe, earnings were back in focus. The pan-European STOXX 600 was down 0.2 percent ahead of the ECB's minutes. Euro zone blue chips and Britain's FTSE 100 were down a similar amount.

(Additional reporting by Nichola Saminather in Singapore)

~_~

Air travelers stand at an American Airlines check-in gate at LaGuardia Airport in New York, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

DUBLIN Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker said on Thursday the Doha-based carrier would soon start buying shares in American Airlines (AAL.O) "depending on the share price."

The state-owned company notified American Airlines last month that it was interested in buying up to 10 percent of its shares.

Al-Baker told reporters in Dublin that Qatar Airways would buy up to 4.75 percent, despite a cool response given last month by the American Airlines CEO to its plan, once it has regulatory approval.

(Writing by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Editing by Greg Mahlich)

~_~

The logo of General Electric Co. is pictured at the Global Operations Center in San Pedro Garza Garcia, neighbouring Monterrey, Mexico, May 12, 2017. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril

BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators accused German drugmaker Merck KGaA (MRCG.DE), General Electric (GE.N) and Japan's Canon (7751.T) of providing misleading information during their merger deals, as regulators stepped up their crackdown on such practices.

The European Commission said it had sent three separate charge sheets known as statements of objections to Merck and Sigma-Aldrich, General Electric and Canon.

While the charges will not affect the EU approvals of the deals, they could lead to fines up to 1 percent of global revenue for Merck KGaA and General Electric, and up to 10 percent for Canon.

Merck KGaA was accused of failing to provide information about an innovation project for chemicals during the merger review of its Sigma-Aldrich takeover which was approved in June 2015.

GE was charged with providing misleading research and development information related to its takeover of LM Wind earlier this year.

The EU competition enforcer said Canon jumped the gun via a complex move and acquired Toshiba Medical Systems Corp prior to securing regulatory approval. The deal was approved in September 2016.

(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek)

~_~

A Tesla Model S electric car is taken for a test drive at a Tesla car dealership in Sydney, Australia, May 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed

Tesla Inc's Model S did not get the top score in certain tests by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS), the agency said on Thursday.

Chevrolet Impala, Ford Motor Co's Taurus and Tesla's Model S were the three sedans that got "only an acceptable rating" in a test designed to simulate what happens when the front driver-side corner of a vehicle strikes a tree or another vehicle, the IIHS said.

Ford's Lincoln Continental, the Mercedes-Benz E-Class and Toyota Motor Corp's Avalon received the highest rating overall, the agency said.

In the test, the seat belt in Tesla's Model S was not effective and could lead to the driver's head striking the steering wheel hard through the air bag, according to the report.

Tesla's Model S received the highest rating in IIHS's crash testing in every category except one, the small overlap front crash test, where it received the second highest rating available, a Tesla spokesperson said in an email.

"IIHS and dozens of other private industry groups around the world have methods and motivations that suit their own subjective purposes," the spokesperson said.

Tesla said the most objective and accurate independent vehicle safety test is done by the U.S. government, which found Model S and Model X to have the lowest probability of injury of any cars that it has ever tested.

In order to get the top IIHS rating, automakers must have a frontal crash prevention system with automatic braking capabilities to prevent a rear-end collision.

The vehicles must stop or slow down without driver intervention before hitting a target in tests at 12 or 25 miles per hour among other factors, IIHS said.

Toyota said in a statement it is committed to developing safe and reliable vehicles.

General Motors Co declined to comment, while Ford and Mercedes were not immediately available for comment.

The IIHS is a research arm of the insurance industry, and its crash tests are increasingly influential in guiding vehicle safety design. Automakers strive for top ratings in IIHS tests as they do on federal crash tests.

(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Gopakumar Warrier)

~_~

A Tesla Model S electric car is seen at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

A Tesla Model S electric car is charged by a Destination Charger at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

The logo of Tesla is seen on a steering wheel of its Model S electric car at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

A Tesla Model S electric car is seen at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

SEOUL U.S. auto imports from the likes of General Motors and Ford Motor must become more chic, affordable or fuel-efficient to reap the rewards of President Donald Trump's attempts to renegotiate a trade deal with key ally South Korea, officials and industry experts in Seoul say.

Meeting South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week in Washington, Trump said the United States would do more to address trade imbalances with South Korea and create a level playing ground for U.S. businesses, especially carmakers, in the world's 11th largest auto market by sales.

While imports from automakers including Ford, Chrysler and GM more than doubled last year largely thanks to free trade deal which took effect in 2012, sales account for just 1 percent of a market dominated by more affordable models from local giants Hyundai Motor Co and affiliate Kia Motors Corp.

Imports make up just 15 percent of the overall Korean auto market, and are mainly more luxurious models from German automakers BMW and Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz, which also benefit from a trade deal with the European Union.

"Addressing non-tariff barriers would not fundamentally raise the competitiveness of U.S. cars," a senior Korean government official told Reuters, declining to be identified because of the sensitivity of the subject.

"What we really want to say to the United States is: make good cars, make cars that Korean consumers like."

TASTE BARRIER

In Korea, U.S. imports are seen as lagging German brands in brand image, sophistication and fuel economy, industry experts say. U.S. imports do have a competitive advantage in electric cars: Tesla Motors' electric vehicles are seen as both environmentally friendly and trendy, while GM has launched a long-range Bolt EV.

U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross had cited a quota in the current trade deal as an obstacle to boosting imports.

The quota allows U.S. automakers to bring in each year 25,000 vehicles that meet U.S., not necessarily Korean, safety standards. Should GM, for example, decide to bring in more than its quota of one model - the Impala sedans - it would cost up to $75 million to modify the cars to meet Korean safety standards, the company told its local labor union.

Asked about non-tariff barriers, a spokesman at GM's Korean unit said removing them could expand the range of models the company can bring in from the United States.

No U.S. company, however, has yet to make full use of the quota, industry data shows. GM, the most popular U.S. brand, sold only 13,150 U.S.-made vehicles last year.

U.S. cars could also see the benefits of a renegotiated trade deal at a time when diesel-powered cars offered by Volkswagen's are losing appeal following cheating on emissions tests. However, they still need to appeal to the locals, experts say.

"Upgrading their vehicles and meet the luxurious taste of consumers is more important than complaining about non-tariff barriers," said Kim Pil-soo, a professor of engineering at Daelim University College near Seoul.

(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Additional reporting by Haejin Choi; Editing by Miyoung Kim and Miral Fahmy)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Baidu Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Robin Li speaks in Wuzhen town of Jiaxing, Zhejiang province, China, December 17, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo

BEIJING/SHANGHAI Baidu Inc, China's biggest search engine provider, is under investigation to determine whether it had broken any laws after its chief executive tested a driverless car on public roads, Beijing's traffic police said on Thursday.

The firm, China's answer to Alphabet Inc's Google, is taking a leading role in the development of self-driving cars in China and beyond. It unveiled a broad alliance for self-driving cars on Wednesday as it aims to get such vehicles on the road in China by 2019.

But Baidu may now face sanctions from local authorities after police said in a post on its official microblog that it was investigating whether there is any irregularity in using a driverless car on public roads.

"The police support technology and innovation of autonomous driving, but it should be conducted legally, safely and scientifically," Beijing traffic police said in its statement. Any violations of the law will lead to punishment, it said.

Baidu declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.

China has been catching up in the race to develop self-driving cars, helped by supportive regulation and Beijing's desire to shift to an economy driven by high-tech and consumer sectors rather than heavy industry and low-end manufacturing.

Baidu CEO Robin Li conducted a live video chat with participants of the firm's artificial intelligence conference on Wednesday, projecting him on a huge screen sitting in the passenger seat of a self-driving car while on Beijing roads.

The episode generated discussion online, with some questioning whether Baidu had permission to conduct the test, while others said the car appeared to violate traffic rules.

Others online hailed the test. "This ticket, if issued by police, will definitely be historic," wrote one.

(Reporting by Pei Li and Adam Jourdan; Editing by Christopher Cushing)

~_~

A logo of Konica Minolta is pictured at a trade show for Japan's manufacturing industry in Tokyo June 20, 2012. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao

TOKYO Konica Minolta Inc (4902.T) said it was purchasing U.S. diagnostics company Ambry Genetics in a deal valued at up to $1 billion - an acquisition that marks a strategic shift for the Japanese firm's healthcare business as it seeks a leading position in precision medicine.

The deal is the largest ever for the photocopier maker, which has been seeking to diversify away its office equipment business. It pulled out of cameras about a decade ago.

Konica Minolta said its advanced imaging technology complemented privately held Ambry's genetic testing capabilities, with initial applications for combining the technologies seen in diagnosing hereditary cancer.

"Together with Ambry, we will have the most comprehensive set of diagnostic technologies for mapping an individual's genetic and biochemical makeup," Chief Executive Shoei Yamana said in a statement.

In a transaction that will be partially funded by a Japanese state-backed fund, Konica Minolta said $800 million would paid in cash upon closure of the deal while $200 million could be paid over two years depending on financial performance.

Konica Minolta, which has a market value of around $4 billion, will account for 60 percent of the investment, with the fund, the Innovation Network Corp of Japan (INCJ) accounting for the remaining 40 percent.

INCJ, which was set up to help struggling Japanese companies, said it wanted to support the growth of the nation's medical industry. The state-backed fund is also part of the consortium picked as preferred bidder in the $18 billion sale of Toshiba Corp's (6502.T) chip unit.

(Reporting by Sam Nussey; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Ford Taurus cars are seen during a presentation at the 16th Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition in Shanghai, April 21, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo

BEIJING Ford Motor Co said its China sales surged 15 percent in June, their strongest pace of the year, and it was optimistic about the outlook for the second half as the industry puts the phasing out of a tax cut behind it.

Peter Fleet, Ford's Asia-Pacific chief, said the first quarter had been difficult after a purchase tax on small-engine cars rose to 7.5 percent from 5 percent previously.

Although Ford's China sales declined 7 percent in the first-half from the same period a year ago, they were up 7 percent in the second quarter.

Sales for June alone climbed to more than 100,000 vehicles with deliveries of sedans including the Escort and Mondeo, which were hurt by the tax increase, improving.

"I would expect to see for the third quarter strong single digit percentage growth (for) the industry. That's certainly how it looks to us based on the run rate and how the month of July has opened up," Fleet said in an interview.

Ford's level of discounting tracked an overall 4 percent price decline for the industry so far this year.

"I'm not interested in driving our prices down to drive market share," Fleet said.

Year-on-year comparisons will "get a bit tricky" in the fourth quarter because sales rose so fast at the end of 2016 as consumers rushed to buy cars before the purchase tax went up, he added.

The purchase tax on small-engine cars is set for another increase back to its normal 10 percent rate in 2018.

Ford aims to focus its efforts on the sport-utility vehicle market, the fastest growing segment in China, with plans to launch a new version of the EcoSport small SUV later this year.

Outside of China, Ford continues to post positive sales growth in Southeast Asia, India and Australia, he said.

(Reporting by Jake Spring and Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

LONDON Finance firms should not be forced by regulators to change location after Britain leaves the European Union in 2019, Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority told a Reuters Newsmaker event on Thursday.

Banks, insurers and asset managers based in Britain are already making contingency plans to shift some operations to continental Europe after Brexit takes effect in case access to the EU single market is closed off.

But Bailey said Britain and the EU are in a position to preserve free trade for financial services, meaning such moves need not happen.

"Firms should be able to take their own decisions on where they locate, subject to appropriate regulatory arrangements being in place which preserve the public interest," Bailey said, in his first major speech on Brexit since Britain triggered the formal EU divorce proceedings in March.

"Authorities should not dictate the location of firms," he told an audience in Canary Wharf, home to some of the world's biggest banks.

Future financial sector relations between Britain and the EU should be based on "mutual recognition" or regulatory cooperation "but not exact mirroring" of rules, Bailey said.

Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, Luxembourg and Dublin are all vying for a slice of Britain's financial services industry after Brexit. Bailey said such competition was good.

But he also said Brexit should not be used as an excuse to restrict the ability to have open markets and freedom of location.

"The roots exist to come out with sensible outcomes on this."

Some companies have already announced plans to move people to continental European locations to retain access to the EU single market. Bailey said a transition period based on current trading arrangements was needed this year.

This would avoid a "regrettable" situation whereby firms had to "press the button" on moves to the EU before they know what the outcome of Britain's negotiations with the bloc will be.

"It needs to be a sensible period," Bailey said.

Bailey questioned whether restricting trade in this way was an inevitable or necessary response to Brexit.

"When I hear people say firms need to re-locate in order to continue to benefit from access to EU financial markets, I start to seriously wonder."

NO LOCATION POLICIES

France and other EU countries, for example, want the clearing of euro denominated derivatives, which London dominates, "located" within the EU after Brexit.

"It does not require a location policy," Bailey said.

Joint oversight with the EU of clearing houses in London is "something that is very clearly preferable to the cost and risk that is introduced by a location based policy."

Such joint oversight was already working well between the UK and United States regulators in clearing, he said.

He dismissed talk in the EU that given the dominance of Britain's financial services sector, the largest in Europe, there should be specific rules for the UK, rather than the existing general regime for recognizing non-EU financial firms.

"I do not accept that," Bailey said.

Non-EU financial firms from the United States, Singapore and elsewhere can currently offer their services in the EU if their home regulation is deemed by Brussels to be "equivalent" or as tough as the bloc's own rules.

This regime should be applied to Britain in the same way.

"It would not be the best outcome to adopt a special treatment for the oversight of outsourced service provision arrangements involving the UK and EU when there are already arrangements in place which can form the basis of an equivalence arrangement," Bailey said.

NO RACE TO THE BOTTOM

Britain was not interested in a "race to the bottom" in regulation after Brexit, he said.

Britain has worked hard over the years to build up relations with EU and national regulators across the bloc, he said, though he conceded that he was already being locked out of EU regulatory discussions about Brexit.

"It's perfectly reasonable ... It does not concern me."

There are already fears that asset managers in Britain will be prevented from managing funds based in the EU after Brexit, but Bailey said this longstanding cross-border "delegation" should continue.

"It works well today. There is no reason to disrupt that model," Bailey said.

Critics of Brexit have said that Britain will end up being a "rule taker", meaning it will have to copy and paste the bloc's rules into UK law if it wants to maintain access in financial services.

"I don't want to be in a situation where we become a pure rule taker," Bailey said.

For live link to Newsmaker click on reut.rs/2thSd4S

(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Jason Neely and Jane Merriman)

~_~

FRANKFURT Deutsche Bank is evaluating whether to move a large part of its securities trading business from London to Frankfurt or elsewhere in Europe as it prepares for Britain's exit from the European Union, a source told Reuters on Thursday.

Germany's largest lender is considering creating a booking center for non-UK transactions which are currently reported through London, the person said on condition of anonymity because talks are ongoing and the plans not yet finalised.

Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) will make changes as Brexit negotiations unfold, but the bank is preparing for a worst-case Brexit scenario that could entail a loss of so-called passporting rights between Britain and the EU, the person said.

Bloomberg News first reported details of plans for the booking center on Wednesday.

A handful of banks have recently said that they were setting up subsidiaries in Frankfurt as they prepare for Brexit, including Nomura Holdings Inc (8604.T) and Daiwa Securities Group (8601.T).

It remains unclear how many of its staff could be moved in the implementation of such a plan over the next 18 months and Deutsche Bank is also exploring the option of transferring some roles to Berlin or other financial capitals in Europe.

However, Deutsche Bank board member Sylvie Matherat suggested in April that it could move as many as 4,000 employees out of London as a result of Brexit.

Its annual report showed it employed 8,575 people in Britain out of 99,744 worldwide at the end of 2016, with about 5 billion euros in revenue coming from the UK out of 30 billion globally.

Deutsche Bank has signaled a vote of confidence in the British capital despite Brexit, informing staff in March that it had chosen a new office for its London headquarters slated to open in 2023.

(Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Maria Sheahan and Alexander Smith)

~_~

Recent World News

Turkey rejects proposals to drop EU accession talks - minister ANKARA Turkey rejects any proposals to drop European Union accession talks in favour of cooperation in other areas, its EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday ahead of a European Parliament vote on suspending Turkey's membership bid. Middle East

Chinese Nobel laureate Liu's liver function worsens - hospital BEIJING The liver function of China's Nobel Peace Prize winning dissident Liu Xiaobo has worsened, a hospital said on Thursday, while the government reiterated its hopes that other countries do not use Liu's case to interfere in its affairs.

G20 summit to strengthen multilateral cooperation - Merkel BERLIN The G20 summit in Germany should strengthen international cooperation and Berlin remains committed to the implementation of a major climate protection agreement, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday on the eve of the gathering in Hamburg. G20

Philippines' Duterte says he will never talk to 'terrorists' MANILA Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Thursday he did not initiate dialogue with Islamist militants occupying a southern town because he would never talk to criminals and terrorists.

~_~

Venezuela's shield-bearing protesters Drawing inspiration from Ukraine's 2013-14 revolt, Venezuela's young protesters are donning Viking-like shields in battles with security forces and eagerly watching a film on the Kiev uprising.

Grime spreads beyond London's underground Squeezed in to a small and sweaty East London nightclub at 3 a.m., the Slew Dem Crew spit bars to a raucous audience revelling in the fast growing popularity of Britain's new musical obsession.

Venezuela: death of a protester David Jose Vallenilla, 22, was crouched down on the highway by the fence. At this moment he stood up, protected only by a small rucksack strapped to his chest, and just a few feet from the soldier, who began shooting. Venezuela photographer Carlos Garcia Rawlins details how a young activist was fatally wounded by a soldier at close range during a Caracas protest.

Canada's newest citizens At citizenship ceremonies across the country, new Canadians began a fresh chapter in their lives in a land they chose for what they saw as its diversity, safety and opportunity.

~_~

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. In the background is the ''Elbphilharmonie'' (Philharmonic Hall) where the G20 leaders will attend a concert. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Berlin/Hamburg Die Welt blickt auf Hamburg: Unmittelbar vor dem G20-Gipfel wollen die Teilnehmer am Donnerstag in bilateralen Treffen noch einmal die Einigungschancen in den konfliktträchtigen Themen Handel und Klima ausloten.

US-Präsident Donald Trump besuchte am Vormittag in Warschau eine Konferenz von zwölf osteuropäischen Regierungschefs. Danach wurde er in der Hansestadt erwartet, wo für den Abend ein Treffen mit Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel vorgesehen war. Russlands Präsident Wladimir Putin sicherte Merkel Unterstützung gegen Protektionismus zu. In Hamburg liefen sich unterdessen die G20-Gegner warm, eine Großdemonstration war für den Nachmittag geplant. Ein "Protestzug" hatte in der Nacht Hunderte Demonstranten in ganz Deutschland eingesammelt.

Der Gipfel am Freitag und Samstag in der Elbmetropole birgt erhebliches Konfliktpotential, aber auch Chancen auf Annäherung in den aktuellen Krisen in Syrien, der Ost-Ukraine oder Katar. Als G20-Vorsitzende kommt Merkel eine Schlüsselrolle zu. Am Mittwoch hatten sich sowohl Chinas Präsident Xi Jinping als auch Japans Ministerpräsident Shinzo Abe hinter den multilateralen Ansatz der Kanzlerin bei den Themen Klimawandel und Freihandel gestellt. Auch Putin stärkte ihr im "Handelsblatt" den Rücken: "Ich bin der Überzeugung, dass nur offene, auf einheitlichen Normen und Standards basierende Handelsverbindungen das Wachstum der globalen Wirtschaft stimulieren und eine fortschreitende Entwicklung zwischenstaatlicher Beziehungen fördern können."

Zugleich machte Putin aber Differenzen deutlich. So seien die Sanktionen der USA und der EU gegen sein Land verdeckter Protektionismus. Als eines der größten Probleme des Treffens gilt das Abrücken von US-Präsident Trump vom Pariser Klimaschutzabkommen. Hier wiederum bekannte sich Putin zum Pariser Klimavertrag, aus dem die USA aussteigen wollen. Der Entwurf für die G20-Abschlusserklärung sieht nach Informationen der Nachrichtenagentur Reuters einen Kompromissvorschlag vor: Zwar wird einerseits die Kluft zwischen den USA und den anderen führenden Industrie- und Schwellenländern beim Klimaabkommen betont. Andererseits sollen sich aber alle 20 Regierungen dazu bekennen, die Treibhausgase zu verringern.

TRUMP BESUCHT VERBÜNDETE IN OSTEUROPA

Trump suchte sich als Startpunkt für seinen Europa-Besuch vor dem G20-Treffen nicht Paris, London oder Berlin aus, sondern Warschau und die dortige rechtspopulistische und euroskeptische Regierung. In erster Linie geht es Polen und den anderen Ländern der Region um amerikanische Gaslieferungen, mit denen sie ihre Abhängigkeit vom russischen Gas verringern wollen. Trumps Besuch wertet das Treffen der "Drei-Meeres-Initiative" vom Baltikum bis zum Balkan erheblich auf - Kritiker sehen darin auch einen Versuch, ein Gegengewicht zu den westlichen EU-Staaten zu schaffen, die Merkels EU-Integrationskurs skeptisch bewerten.

Neben der eigentlichen Gipfel-Tagesordnung kommt es ab Donnerstagabend auch zu zahlreichen bi- und multilateralen Treffen am Rande. So war auch ein Gespräch Merkels mit dem australischen Regierungschef Malcom Turnbull geplant. Danach wollte sie sich mit Trump im traditionsreichen Hotel Atlantic treffen, erst unter vier Augen, dann mit Beratern. Später wurde auch der türkische Präsident Recep Tayyip Erdogan an der Elbe erwartet, wo er wahrscheinlich am Abend ebenfalls mit Merkel zusammentreffen wollte. Dabei dürften die Spannungen im deutsch-türkischen Verhältnis zur Sprache kommen.

Geplant waren dann am Freitag das erste Treffen von Trump und Putin überhaupt seit Amtsantritt des US-Präsidenten. Hier reicht die Themenpalette vom Kampf gegen Terrorismus über Syrien und den Irak bis hin zur Krise um Katar und Nordkoreas Raketen- und Atomprogramm. Außerdem sollte es ein Treffen von Merkel und dem französischen Präsidenten Emmanuel Macron mit Putin geben, bei dem die Ukraine-Krise im Vordergrund stehen dürfte. Immer wieder wird Merkel während des Gipfels die Chance haben, sich als zentrale Krisen-Maklerin zu präsentieren. SPD-Kanzlerkandidat Martin Schulz wollte da im Bundestags-Wahlkampf nicht Abseits stehen: Er wollte am Donnerstag ebenfalls Chinas Präsident Xi zu einem Bildtermin in Berlin treffen.

"WELCOME TO HELL" - ERSTER TEST FÜR SICHERHEITSKONZEPT

Begleitet wird der Gipfel vor Ort von Hunderttausenden Demonstranten, von denen die Polizei mehrere Tausend als gewaltbereit einstuft. Eine "Welcome to Hell"-Demonstration am Nachmittag galt als erster Test für das Sicherheitskonzept der Polizei, die aus dem gesamten Bundesgebiet zusammengezogen wurde. In der Nacht zum Donnerstag war es zu einem Brandanschlag auf ein Autohaus gekommen. Der FC St.Pauli kündigte nach dem Verbot des großen Protestcamps an, Teile seines Stadions am Millerntor für Übernachtungen der Gipfelgegner zur Verfügung zu stellen. Auf der Haupttribüne würden 200 Schlafplätze eingerichtet. Auch das Medienzentrum der Gipfelgegner befindet sich dort.

Ein Sonderzug aus der Schweiz hatte in der Nacht in Baden-Württemberg, Hessen und Nordrhein-Westfalen weitere G20-Gegner eingesammelt. Begleitet wird das G20-Treffen auch von Kulturveranstaltungen und Pop-Konzerten - aber auch von Konferenzen, die über Alternativen zu den Lösungsansätzen der G20-Regierungen für die von Klima bis Krieg reichenden Krisen der Welt debattieren.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

FILES - A Sukhoi Su-24 fighter jet takes off from the Hmeymim air base near Latakia, Syria, in this handout photograph released by Russia's Defence Ministry on October 22, 2015. REUTERS/Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation/Handout via Reuters ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS PICTURE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. REUTERS IS UNABLE TO INDEPENDENTLY VERIFY THE AUTHENTICITY, CONTENT, LOCATION OR DATE OF THIS IMAGE. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - RTSOO5O

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Traders work in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote

Frankfurt Ein neuer Raketentest Nordkoreas ausgerechnet am US-Unabhängigkeitstag hat am Dienstag an den Börsen für Verunsicherung gesorgt.

"Der Konflikt mit Nordkorea ist nichts Neues für die Börsen, aber es schwingt immer die Sorge mit vor einer Eskalation", sagte Handelschef Stephen Innes vom Brokerhaus Oanda. Wegen des Independence Day blieben die Börsen in New York geschlossen, so dass Impulse von dort fehlten. Entsprechend gering war der Umsatz. Die Kurse kamen kaum vom Fleck. Der Dax schloss bei 12.437 Punkten 0,3 Prozent niedriger. Der EuroStoxx50 ging ebenfalls leichter aus dem Handel. Die "Krisenwährung" Gold wurde dafür wieder etwas stärker nachgefragt.

Nordkorea testete nach eigenen Angaben erfolgreich eine Interkontinentalrakete, die möglicherweise den US-Bundesstaat Alaska erreichen könnte. Dass der Raketentest am US-Unabhängigkeitstag stattfand, wurde auch am Markt als besondere Provokation gewertet. "Mit Spannung wird nun darauf geachtet, wie Donald Trump reagiert", sagte ein Händler. Der US-Präsident griff Nordkoreas Machthaber Kim Jong Un bereits über Twitter an: "Hat dieser Typ nichts Besseres zu tun mit seinem Leben?" Es sei schwer zu glauben, dass sich Südkorea und Japan "das noch sehr viel länger bieten lassen". Vielleicht werde China einen "erheblichen Schritt" unternehmen, "und diesen Unsinn ein für allemal beenden".

Aus Sorge vor einer Zunahme der politischen Spannungen suchten einige Anleger Zuflucht im "sicheren Hafen" Gold: Das Edelmetall verteuerte sich zeitweise um ein halbes Prozent auf 1226 Dollar je Feinunze (31,1 Gramm). Zudem wuchs die Unsicherheit darüber, ob Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel bei dem G20-Gipfel am Freitag und Samstag in Hamburg mit Trump Streitthemen wie internationale Handelsabkommen und Sicherheitsfragen aus dem Weg räumen könne, sagte Analyst John Sharma von der Bank NAB.

WORLDPAY AUF REKORDHOCH NACH ÜBERNAHMEOFFERTE

Bei den deutschen Einzelwerten ragten die Stada-Aktien im MDax mit einem Kursplus von 2,2 Prozent heraus. Der Arzneimittelkonzern tauscht inmitten der Spekulationen um einen erneuten Übernahme-Anlauf der Finanzinvestoren Bain und Cinven überraschend seine Vorstandsspitze aus. Stada-Chef Matthias Wiedenfels und Finanzchef Helmut Kraft müssen ihren Hut nehmen.[nL8N1JV1RB]

Übernahmespekulationen trieben auch die europäische Energiebranche um. Der spanische Gas- und Stromversorger Gas Natural ist Insidern zufolge an dem portugiesischen Rivalen EDP interessiert - es wäre eine Fusion im Volumen von 35 Milliarden Euro.[nL8N1JV2OA] EDP-Aktien legten in der Spitze 4,3 Prozent zu und gingen mit einem Plus von 1,6 Prozent aus dem Handel. Gas-Natural-Papiere verloren etwa ein halbes Prozent. Die deutschen Energieversorger E.ON und RWE zeigten sich kaum beeindruckt, ihre Aktien rutschten jeweils ebenfalls um ein halbes Prozent ab.

An der Börse in London schossen Worldpay um rund 28 Prozent in die Höhe. Der Bezahldienst-Anbieter hatte ein Übernahmeangebot der US-Bank JP Morgan und des Kreditkarten-Dienstleisters Vantiv erhalten. Die Aktie des dänischen Rivalen Nets, der ebenfalls im Zentrum von Fusions-Spekulationen steht, zog um 2,7 Prozent an, nachdem er am Montag schon rund elf Prozent gewonnen hatte. Die im TecDax gelisteten Wirecard-Titel stiegen um sieben Prozent.

~_~

Women holding parasols walk past an electronic board showing Japan's Nikkei average rate outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan June 2, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai

Tokio Ein erneuter Raketentest Nordkoreas und die Ankündigung einer wichtigen Erklärung der Regierung in Pjöngjang haben am Dienstag die Investoren an den Aktienmärkten in Fernost vergrault.

Nach einem freundlichen Handelsauftakt sowohl in Tokio als auch an vielen anderen Börsen drehten die Kurse überwiegend ins Minus. Nach Angaben des südkoreanischen Militärs flog das Geschoss rund 930 Kilometer. Möglicherweise sei eine Interkontinental-Rakete getestet worden, teilte Südkoreas Präsident Moon Jae In mit. Der erneute Raketentest kurz vor dem G20-Gipfel löste international scharfen Protest aus.

In Tokio gab der Nikkei-Index 0,12 Prozent auf 20.032 Punkte nach. Die Börse in Shanghai notierte ebenfalls schwächer. Der MSCI-Index für asiatische Aktien außerhalb Japans büßte 0,6 Prozent ein. Ähnlich hoch fielen die Verluste in Südkorea aus. Dagegen verhalf die in Aussicht gestellte Ankündigung Nordkoreas Aktien aus dem südkoreanischen Rüstungssektor zu Kurssprüngen. Auch in Australien ging es gegen den Trend nach oben. Der gestiegene Ölpreis schob vor allem Energie-Titel an, aber auch australische Finanzwerte lagen im Plus.

Der erneute Raketentest wirkte sich auch auf den fernöstlichen Devisenhandel aus. Der Dollar gab zum Yen um 0,3 Prozent auf 112,99 Yen nach. Der Euro wurde etwas leichter mit 1,1350 Dollar gehandelt.

~_~

Traders work in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, June 30, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote

Frankfurt Nach den jüngsten Verlusten an den europäischen Börsen haben sich die Kurse am Montag unter Führung der Finanzwerte wieder erholt.

Der Dax kletterte 1,2 Prozent auf 12.475 Punkte. Der EuroStoxx50 legte 1,5 Prozent zu. "Die nach dem Kursrutsch in der vergangenen Woche am deutschen Aktienmarkt verbliebenen Optimisten sehnten sich nach einem wieder schwächeren Euro, und sie haben ihn zumindest heute bekommen", sagte Marktanalyst Jochen Stanzl vom Broker CMC Markets. Die Gemeinschaftswährung verlor auch angesichts guter US-Konjunkturzahlen einen halben US-Cent. An der Wall Street tendierten die Kurse im verkürzten Handel uneinheitlich. Am Dienstag bleiben die US-Börsen wegen des Unabhängigkeits-Feiertags geschlossen.

Auch von EZB-Chef Mario Draghi angefeuerte Spekulationen auf ein Ende der ultralockeren Geldpolitik in der Euro-Zone hatten in der vergangenen Woche Dax und EuroStoxx50 um je rund drei Prozent gedrückt. Der Euro hatte kräftig auf Kurse über 1,14 Dollar angezogen. Dies hatte Befürchtungen geweckt, die europäische Industrie könnte auf dem Weltmarkt wechselkursbedingt ins Hintertreffen geraten. Gewinnmitnahmen und überraschend gute US-Konjunkturdaten drückten die Gemeinschaftswährung am Montag aber auf 1,1362 Dollar. Die US-Industrie war im Juni so stark wie seit August 2014 nicht mehr gewachsen. Dies habe den Dollar gestärkt und im Gegenzug den Euro geschwächt, sagte ein Händler.

Auch an der Wall Street wurden die Daten positiv aufgenommen. In New York notierten zum europäischen Handelsschluss der Dow Jones 0,9 Prozent und der S&P500 0,5 Prozent höher. Der Nasdaq-Composite lag allerdings leicht im Minus. Wegen des Indepence Day am Dienstag waren die Umsätze auf beiden Seiten des Atlantiks aber mau.

PFUND STERLING NACH BRITISCHEN KONJUNKTURDATEN AUF TALFAHRT

Dass es um die Wirtschaft in der Euro-Zone gut bestellt ist, zeigten die Einkaufsmanagerindizes der Industrie. Die Geschäfte der Firmen legten im Juni so stark zu wie seit mehr als sechs Jahren nicht. "Spekulationen, wonach die EZB ihre Geldpolitik schneller anpassen könnte, sollten vor diesem Hintergrund zumindest nicht kleiner werden", sagte Helaba-Analyst Ulrich Wortberg.

Enttäuschung herrschte dagegen über Konjunkturdaten aus Großbritannien. Dort legten die Industrieunternehmen im Juni weniger stark zu als erwartet. Das Pfund rutschte auf 1,2940 Dollar von 1,3025 Dollar ab.

FINANZWERTE WIEDER GEFRAGT

Bei den Einzelwerten ragten die ThyssenKrupp-Papiere mit einem Plus von 4,9 Prozent hervor. Trotz des Widerstands der Arbeitnehmervertreter setzten die Anleger auf einen Bilanz-relevanten Ausstieg von Thyssenkrupp aus dem Stahlgeschäft, sagte ein Händler.

Zu Beginn des zweiten Halbjahres setzten zudem die Bankenwerte ihren Aufwärtstrend der letzten sechs Monate fort: Commerzbank, Deutsche Bank und Unicredit stiegen um je rund vier Prozent. Der EuroStoxx-Bankenindex legte drei Prozent zu und damit mehr als jeder andere Sektoren-Index.

Trotz durchwachsener Absatzzahlen vom US-Markt waren auch einige Autowerte gesucht: GM stiegen um rund drei Prozent, obwohl der US-Marktführer einen Absatzrückgang auswies. VW stiegen um 1,8 Prozent.

~_~

FrankfurtDer Vormarsch von Internetanbietern auf dem TV-Markt hat an den Aktienmärkten am Donnerstag Zweifel am Geschäftsmodell einiger privater Fernsehsender ausgelöst. Im Dax traf es vor allem ProSiebenSat.1, die um 4,9 Prozent auf 34,49 Euro absackten und damit unter den deutschen Standardwerten die rote Laterne hielten. Die Aktien des französischen Senders TF1 verloren 5,7 Prozent, die der spanischen Atresmedia sieben Prozent. Die in Madrid gelisteten Mediaset fielen um 3,6 Prozent. Auslöser der Verkäufe war eine Branchenstudie von JP Morgan, in der die Analysten an der Reichweite von TV-Werbung Zweifel weckten.

~_~

FrankfurtDie US-Futures signalisieren für die Wall Street eine schwächere Eröffnung: Der Nasdaq-Mini liegt 0,7 Prozent niedriger, der S&P-Mini 0,4 Prozent.

***********************************************************

11:40 HOFFNUNG AUF NEUEN ÜBERNAHMEVERSUCH TREIBT STADA

Die Hoffnung auf einen erneuten Übernahmeversuch treibt Stada. Die Aktien drehen ins Plus und gewinnen bis zu 1,1 Prozent auf 64,30 Euro. Nach dem Scheitern ihrer Offerte planten Bain und Cinven am Donnerstag einen neuen Vorstoß, zitieren Händler die Nachrichtenagentur "Bloomberg".

***********************************************************

11:37 RENDITEN VON BUNDESANLEIHEN AUF 18-MONATS-HOCHS

Die Rendite der zehnjährigen Bundesanleihe steigt auf 0,541 Prozent und notiert damit so hoch wie zuletzt im Januar 2016. Auch die Verzinsung der fünf und 30-jährigen Bundesanleihen notieren auf 18-Monats-Hochs. Auslöser der Anleihen-Verkäufe sind Spekulationen auf ein baldiges Ende der ultralockeren Geldpolitik dies- und jenseits des Atlantiks.

***********************************************************

09:58 RECKITT BENCKISER NACH UMSATZWARNUNG SCHWÄCHER

Die Aktien von Reckitt Benckiser verlieren 3,2 Prozent auf 7451 Pence und zählen im "Footsie" damit zu den größten Verlierern. Der Konsumgüterkonzern hatte seine Umsatzprognose für das Gesamtjahr infolge des Hackerangriffs vom Juni auf zwei von drei Prozent gesenkt.

***********************************************************

09:30 PROSIEBEN NACH ANALYSTENSCHELTE SCHWÄCHER

ProSiebenSat.1-Aktien fallen um 2,9 Prozent auf 35,20 Euro und halten im Dax damit die rote Laterne. Die Analysten von JP Morgen senkten das Kursziel auf 40 von 42 Euro. Ihre Einstufung ließen sie mit "neutral" unverändert. In einer Studie über den gesamten TV-Markt zweifelten die Analysten, dass TV-Werbung angesichts moderner "Fernseh"-Gewohnheiten wie dem Trend hin zu Internet-Anbietern noch viele Menschen erreiche.

***********************************************************

07:41 COMMERZBANK VORBÖRSLICH AN DAX-SPITZE

Ein Medienbericht über den möglichen Einstig des Finanzinvestors Cerberus treibt am Donnerstag im vorbörslichen Handel bei Lang & Schwarz Commerzbank um zwei Prozent in die Höhe. Laut Bloomberg will Cerberus am Markt Aktien kaufen, um mit einem Minderheits-Anteil vom Aufschwung in der Branche zu profitieren. Die Bank wollte sich nicht dazu äußern. Cerberus war nicht für eine Stellungnahme erreichbar. (Zusammengestellt vom Reuters Marktteam. Bei Rückfragen wenden Sie sich bitte an die Redaktionsleitung unter den Telefonnummern 069 - 7565 1312 oder 030 - 2888 5168.)

~_~

FrankfurtDie Hoffnung auf einen erneuten Übernahmeversuch treibt Stada. Die Aktien drehen ins Plus und gewinnen bis zu 1,1 Prozent auf 64,30 Euro. Nach dem Scheitern ihrer Offerte planten Bain und Cinven am Donnerstag einen neuen Vorstoß, zitieren Händler die Nachrichtenagentur "Bloomberg".

***********************************************************

11:37 RENDITEN VON BUNDESANLEIHEN AUF 18-MONATS-HOCHS

Die Rendite der zehnjährigen Bundesanleihe steigt auf 0,541 Prozent und notiert damit so hoch wie zuletzt im Januar 2016. Auch die Verzinsung der fünf und 30-jährigen Bundesanleihen notieren auf 18-Monats-Hochs. Auslöser der Anleihen-Verkäufe sind Spekulationen auf ein baldiges Ende der ultralockeren Geldpolitik dies- und jenseits des Atlantiks.

***********************************************************

09:58 RECKITT BENCKISER NACH UMSATZWARNUNG SCHWÄCHER

Die Aktien von Reckitt Benckiser verlieren 3,2 Prozent auf 7451 Pence und zählen im "Footsie" damit zu den größten Verlierern. Der Konsumgüterkonzern hatte seine Umsatzprognose für das Gesamtjahr infolge des Hackerangriffs vom Juni auf zwei von drei Prozent gesenkt.

***********************************************************

09:30 PROSIEBEN NACH ANALYSTENSCHELTE SCHWÄCHER

ProSiebenSat.1-Aktien fallen um 2,9 Prozent auf 35,20 Euro und halten im Dax damit die rote Laterne. Die Analysten von JP Morgen senkten das Kursziel auf 40 von 42 Euro. Ihre Einstufung ließen sie mit "neutral" unverändert. In einer Studie über den gesamten TV-Markt zweifelten die Analysten, dass TV-Werbung angesichts moderner "Fernseh"-Gewohnheiten wie dem Trend hin zu Internet-Anbietern noch viele Menschen erreiche.

***********************************************************

07:41 COMMERZBANK VORBÖRSLICH AN DAX-SPITZE

Ein Medienbericht über den möglichen Einstig des Finanzinvestors Cerberus treibt am Donnerstag im vorbörslichen Handel bei Lang & Schwarz Commerzbank um zwei Prozent in die Höhe. Laut Bloomberg will Cerberus am Markt Aktien kaufen, um mit einem Minderheits-Anteil vom Aufschwung in der Branche zu profitieren. Die Bank wollte sich nicht dazu äußern. Cerberus war nicht für eine Stellungnahme erreichbar. (Zusammengestellt vom Reuters Marktteam. Bei Rückfragen wenden Sie sich bitte an die Redaktionsleitung unter den Telefonnummern 069 - 7565 1312 oder 030 - 2888 5168.)

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

The logo of the city of Cologne is pictured on the door of a police car parked near the railway station in Cologne, Germany, January 11, 2016. Two Pakistanis and a Syrian man were injured in attacks by gangs of people in Cologne, German police said late on Sunday, the city... REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

Trump says CNN took mock video 'too seriously' WARSAW President Donald Trump, asked about a mock video he tweeted that depicted him tackling and punching a man with the logo of CNN super-imposed on his head, said on Thursday the news network had taken the issue "too seriously".

Trump says U.S. will confront threat from North Korea very strongly WARSAW President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would confront the threat from North Korea very strongly and urged nations around the world to show Pyongyang that there would be consequences for its nuclear and missile program.

Trump says U.S. working with Poland on addressing Russia WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he was working with Poland on addressing threats from Russia and reiterated his calls for NATO members to meet their financial obligations.

Fed minutes suggest increasing tensions on inflation shortfall WASHINGTON Federal Reserve policymakers were increasingly split on the outlook for inflation and how it might affect the future pace of interest rate rises, according to the minutes of the Fed's last policy meeting on June 13-14 released on Wednesday.

Tillerson to visit Ukraine, Turkey next week after G20 WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit Ukraine and Turkey next week after he accompanies President Donald Trump to the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, the State Department said on Wednesday.

U.S. factory orders fall; core capital goods orders revised up WASHINGTON New orders for U.S.-made goods fell more than expected in May, but orders for capital equipment were a bit stronger than previously reported, suggesting the manufacturing sector remained on a moderate growth path.

Emirates, Turkish Airlines say laptop ban lifted on U.S. flights DUBAI/ISTANBUL The United States has lifted the in-cabin ban on laptops and other large electronic devices on U.S.-bound flights from Dubai and Istanbul, Emirates and Turkish Airlines said on Wednesday. |

Kremlin hopes Putin-Trump meeting to establish working dialogue MOSCOW Moscow hopes the first face-to-face meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump later this week will establish an effective working dialogue between the two men, the Kremlin said on Wednesday.

~_~

U.S. President Donald Trump took aim at what he calls America's "fake news" at a press conference with the Polish Prime Minister in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6). On Sunday (July 2) Trump tweeted a mock video of himself tackling and repeatedly striking a man with a CNN logo super-imposed in place of his head, followed by a logo saying "Fraud News Network". The president has repeatedly made known his disdain for the media, calling it "the enemy of the American people". On Thursday he said CNN has been covering him in a very dishonest way for a long time and slammed NBC for being just as bad - despite the fact that Trump "made them a fortune with The Apprentice". He said he wants to see "honest, beautiful, free, fair press".

~_~

Police says other people potentially involved in Manchester arena attack - Sky LONDON British police believe that other people could have been involved in a suicide bomb attack in Manchester that killed 22 people at a pop concert in May, and further arrests could be made, Sky News reported on Thursday, citing local police.

Finance firms need freedom to choose location after Brexit LONDON Finance firms should not be forced by regulators to change location after Britain leaves the European Union in 2019, Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority told a Reuters Newsmaker event on Thursday. |

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

Ofgem to probe British Gas switching terms LONDON Britain's energy market regulator Ofgem has launched an investigation into British Gas' switching terms, it said on Thursday.

Missing something? UK police want help to solve severed finger mystery LONDON British police have launched a public appeal to find the owner of a human finger, seven years after it was found in London.

Boris wants to tweet like Trump EDINBURGH Donald Trump's approach to politics "has gripped the imagination of people around the world", British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Thursday, joking that he would like to be allowed to tweet as much as the U.S. president.

Britain sends in task force to help run council after tower block fire LONDON Britain said on Wednesday it was sending in a task force to help run the local authority struggling to cope with the aftermath of a London tower block blaze which killed at least 80 people.

Housebuilder Bovis spends extra 3.5 million pounds to tackle home problems LONDON British housebuilder Bovis, which was subject to two failed takeover bids earlier this year after it warned on profits, said it had earmarked an additional 3.5 million pounds to fix problems related to its homes.

~_~

Recent Technology News

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament: sources LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said. Cyber Crime

Just Eat names former Moneysupermarket.com chief Peter Plumb as CEO Online food delivery company Just Eat Plc said on Thursday Peter Plumb, the former chief executive of price comparison site operator Moneysupermarket.com Group Plc, had been named its CEO.

Taiwan to spend $33 million over five years on AI research centers TAIPEI Taiwan plans to spend T$1 billion ($32.73 million) every year over a period of five years on artificial intelligence research centers, the government said, in a move that will help its technology firms enter the fledgling sector.

LeEco boss asks for time, pledges to pay back debts HONG KONG The founder of China's struggling tech group LeEco, Jia Yueting, on Thursday pledged to take full responsibility for the company's debt troubles amid a deepening financial crisis and after some of the company's assets were frozen.

~_~

Lunar robots put to the test on Sicily's Mount Etna MOUNT ETNA, Italy A robot wheels across a rocky, windswept landscape that looks like the surface of some distant planet from a science fiction film. But it is not in outer space, it's on the slopes of Europe's most active volcano. |

China's new heavy-lift rocket launch fails in flight BEIJING China's launch of a new heavy-lift rocket, the Long March-5 Y2, carrying what the government said was its heaviest ever satellite, failed on Sunday, official news agency Xinhua said.

Tower of human skulls in Mexico casts new light on Aztecs MEXICO CITY A tower of human skulls unearthed beneath the heart of Mexico City has raised new questions about the culture of sacrifice in the Aztec Empire after crania of women and children surfaced among the hundreds embedded in the forbidding structure. |

Jellied sea creatures confound scientists, fishermen on U.S. Pacific Coast LOS ANGELES Drifting throngs of jelly-like, glowing organisms native to tropical seas far from shore have invaded Pacific coastal waters from Southern California to the Gulf of Alaska this year, baffling researchers and frustrating fishing crews.

India sends 31 satellites into space, some for foreign customers NEW DELHI India fired a rocket carrying 31 small satellites into space on Friday, several of them for European countries, in a boost to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambition to project the country as a global low-cost provider of services in space.

Scientists rescue samples of melting Bolivian glacier for posterity ILLIMANI MOUNTAIN, Bolivia A team of international scientists are transporting samples of ice from a melting glacier in Bolivia to Antarctica, for study and preservation before the glacier disappears. |

U.S. total solar eclipse sparks spectator excitement CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. The first total solar eclipse across the continental United States in a century is expected to spark watching parties and traffic jams as it darkens skies from Oregon to South Carolina, authorities said on Wednesday. |

British forest pumped full of CO2 to test tree absorption (This version of the June 21 story deletes final paragraph which incorrectly states remaining area is open to public) |

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

Recent Sports News

Klopp upbeat over improved Liverpool's busy start to campaign Liverpool can handle the pressure of opening their Premier League campaign and taking part in a Champions League playoff within the same week as they have a stronger squad than last season, manager Juergen Klopp has said.

Tennis: Not extinct, but odds stacked against serve and volleyers LONDON Dustin Brown's audacious attempt to unseat defending Wimbledon champion Andy Murray with a show-boating brand of serve and volley tennis was always likely to end in failure. And it did. Tennis, Japan

Man City's Gundogan working hard for pre-season return Manchester City's Ilkay Gundogan is working hard to regain his full fitness and feature in the club's pre-season programme, the Germany midfielder has said.

Lions, All Blacks braced for 'epic' decider AUCKLAND All of the frozen toes, mud in the eyes and skinned knees suffered as a child that developed into thousands of collisions and months of rehabilitation from career-threatening injuries comes down to one game for British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton.

~_~

America's Cup foiling technology set to fly beyond racing boats HAMILTON, Bermuda From water taxis that "fly" on hydrofoils to aircraft wings and cutting-edge car steering wheels, the America's Cup has produced technology with potential far beyond its "foiling" catamarans.

Sailing - Sixth America's Cup win may be last for NZ coach Jones HAMILTON, Bermuda New Zealand's Murray Jones may be ready to call it a day on America's Cup campaigns after scoring a sixth win in Bermuda as performance coach for Emirates Team New Zealand.

Sailing - British woman navigates male-dominated America's Cup HAMILTON, Bermuda Annabel Vose was the only woman sailing in the sport's biggest event of the year, but the 22-year-old Britain made her mark, winning the Red Bull Youth America's Cup in Bermuda as strategist on the Land Rover BAR Academy team.

New Zealand's Burling 'blown away' by America's Cup win HAMILTON, Bermuda Peter Burling is looking forward to "a pretty cool few weeks" sharing his America's Cup win with the rest of New Zealand after celebrating the conclusion of a gruelling campaign with his opponent Jimmy Spithill in Bermuda.

For sale: America's Cup chase boat, one winning Kiwi owner HAMILTON, Bermuda Less than 24 hours after winning the America's Cup, Emirates Team New Zealand are packing up at their base in Bermuda as they prepare to take the "Auld Mug" back to Auckland.

New Zealand reclaim America's Cup with crushing win over U.S. HAMILTON, Bermuda New Zealand lifted the America's Cup on Monday, almost white-washing the U.S. holders with a revolutionary boat and a new superstar sailor avenging a humbling defeat four years ago.

Mission accomplished: New Zealand plan brings America's Cup revenge HAMILTON, Bermuda Emirates Team New Zealand's successful plan to regain the America's Cup started as soon as they had lost in devastating fashion to Oracle Team USA in San Francisco in 2013.

Italy's Luna Rossa is Challenger of Record for 36th America's Cup HAMILTON, Bermuda Italy's Luna Rossa has been chosen as the Challenger of Record for the 36th America's Cup, Team New Zealand said after winning this year's edition by beating the U.S. holders 7-1.

~_~

More Football

Olympique Lyon shares boosted by sale of Lacazette to Arsenal PARIS Shares in Olympique Lyonnais rose on Thursday after the French soccer club announced the sale of striker Alexandre Lacazette to Arsenal for a fee of up to 60 million euros ($68 million).

Huddersfield continue signing spree with Malone recruit Huddersfield Town have signed their ninth player in the current transfer window with defender Scott Malone joining the Premier League side from Championship team Fulham on a three-year deal, the West Yorkshire club announced.

Man City's Gundogan working hard for pre-season return Manchester City's Ilkay Gundogan is working hard to regain his full fitness and feature in the club's pre-season programme, the Germany midfielder has said.

Facebook, Twitter, Snap to seek soccer World Cup clips from Fox - Bloomberg Facebook Inc, Twitter Inc and Snap Inc are seeking online rights to video highlights from Twenty-first Century Fox Inc for next year's soccer World Cup, Bloomberg reported on Thursday.

~_~

Vettel and Hamilton face off again in Austria SPIELBERG, Austria Sebastian Vettel celebrated his 30th birthday on Monday but it can be safely assumed that Lewis Hamilton will not be bringing any gifts to Austria this weekend.

Formula One statistics for the Austrian Grand Prix Statistics for Sunday's Austrian Grand Prix in Spielberg (round nine of 20 races):

Formula One drivers' form sheet Formula One drivers' form sheet ahead of Sunday's Austrian Grand Prix in Spielberg, the ninth round of the 20 race season (listed in championship order and with the most recent races first):

Formula One teams up with Lagardere in China push LONDON Formula One is teaming up with marketing agency Lagardere Sports to build strategic partnerships in China from 2018 onwards and raise the sport's profile in a region it sees as having huge potential for growth.

Decision day looms for British GP circuit LONDON Silverstone may trigger a break clause in its Formula One contract next week but talks are continuing and a final decision has not yet been taken, a spokesperson for the British Grand prix circuit said on Monday.

Vettel escapes further sanction for Baku 'road rage' LONDON Ferrari's Formula One championship leader Sebastian Vettel will not face any further sanction for his 'road rage' collision with Lewis Hamilton at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, the governing FIA said on Monday.

~_~

Pliskova leads Czech Wimbledon challenge after Kvitova exit LONDON The Czech challenge for the Wimbledon women's title may have lost Petra Kvitova but third-seed and bookmaker's favourite Karolina Pliskova will continue her bid on Thursday.

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

Tomic attracts indignation and concern Down Under SYDNEY Australia reacted with indignation and some concern on Thursday to Bernard Tomic's admission after a lacklustre first round defeat at Wimbledon that he was struggling to care about his results at major tournaments.

Nishikori, Osaka keep Japanese flag flying high in SW19 Japan continued to maintain a keen interest in both singles tournaments at Wimbledon after Kei Nishikori advanced to the third round with a win over Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky on Wednesday and Naomi Osaka followed suit in the women's draw.

Federer and Djokovic aim for match-point glory LONDON Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after both were denied a chance to savour match-point glory in their first-round matches.

Thiem hopes to bring Paris form to Wimbledon grass LONDON French Open semi-finalist Dominic Thiem takes on France's Gilles Simon at Wimbledon on Thursday, hoping to make inroads into what has been the weakest grand slam for one of the so-called next generation of men's tennis.

Dominic Thiem v Gilles Simon - head-to-head LONDON Facts and figures ahead of Thursday's second-round clash between Austria's Dominic Thiem and Frenchman Gilles Simon at Wimbledon (prefix number denotes seeding).

Dominic Thiem v Gilles Simon - 2017 record LONDON A look at the 2017 records of Austrian Dominic Thiem and Frenchman Gilles Simon ahead of their second-round match at Wimbledon on Thursday (prefix number denotes seeding):

~_~

Cricket-England win toss, bat first v South Africa LONDON, July 6 England captain Joe Root, leading the side for the first time, won the toss and opted to bat in the first test against South Africa at Lord's on Thursday.

Cricket-One Day International Sri Lanka v Zimbabwe scoreboard July 6 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard in the third One Day International between Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe on Thursday in Hambantota, Sri Lanka Zimbabwe Innings H. Masakadza c Pradeep b Hasaranga 111 S. Mire lbw b Pradeep 13 T. Musakanda c Tharanga b Gunaratne 48 C. Ervine lbw b Hasaranga 16 S. Williams b Gunaratne 43 M. Waller lbw b Malinga

Cricket-Elgar hopes to exploit England 'insecurities' at Lord's LONDON, July 6 South Africa will seek to exploit any weaknesses England may display when they go into the opening test at Lord's under a new captain and with some injury concerns, the tourists' stand-in skipper Dean Elgar has said.

Cricket-One Day International Sri Lanka v Zimbabwe line-ups July 6 (Gracenote) - Line-ups for the third One Day International between Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe on Thursday in Hambantota, Sri Lanka Sri Lanka won toss and decided to bowl Sri Lanka: Niroshan Dickwella, Danushka Gunathilaka, Kusal Mendis, Upul Tharanga, Angelo Mathews (capt), Asela Gunaratne, Wanidu Hasaranga, Dushmantha Chameera, Lakshan Sandakan, Lasith Malinga, Nuwan Pradeep Zimbabwe: Solomon Mire, Hamilton Masakadza, Craig Ervine, Sean Williams, Sikandar Raza, Peter Moor, Tarisai Mu

UPDATE 2-Cricket-Australia 'A' tour cancelled after player boycott SYDNEY, July 6 Australia's "A" tour of South Africa has fallen victim to the pay dispute between the players and Cricket Australia after the squad decided on Thursday not to travel in the absence of a new agreement.

Cricket-Players boycott Australia 'A' tour over pay dispute - union SYDNEY, July 6 The players in the Australia "A" squad due to depart for South Africa on Friday will not take part in the tour because of the ongoing dispute over a new pay deal with Cricket Australia, the players' union said on Thursday.

Cricket-England spinner Dawson to start first South Africa test LONDON, July 5 England have selected Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson to play in his first test match on home soil when the series against South Africa starts at Lord's on Thursday, said captain Joe Root.

Cricket-Broad allays injury fears ahead of South Africa opener LONDON, July 5 England paceman Stuart Broad is confident he has recovered from a heel injury and is fit enough to play in the opening test against South Africa at Lord's starting on Thursday, in what will be Joe Root's coronation as captain.

~_~

FACTBOX-Rugby-British & Irish Lions v All Blacks AUCKLAND, July 6 Factbox for the British and Irish Lions' third test match against the All Blacks:

PREVIEW-Rugby-Lions, All Blacks braced for 'epic' decider AUCKLAND, July 6 All of the frozen toes, mud in the eyes and skinned knees suffered as a child that developed into thousands of collisions and months of rehabilitation from career-threatening injuries comes down to one game for British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton.

Rugby-Gatland leaves it to fate as Lions prepare for 'career game' AUCKLAND, July 6 British and Irish Lions coach Warren Gatland was not keen to undermine the magnitude of what his side can achieve in the series-deciding third test against the All Blacks on Saturday, but as far as he was concerned, it had no effect on his future.

UPDATE 2-Rugby-Jordie Barrett, Laumape get first test starts against Lions * Smith not suffering from concussion (writes through with new quotes, adds Ioane, Smith)

UPDATE 1-Rugby-Vunipola survives as Lions unchanged for third test AUCKLAND, July 6 Loosehead prop Mako Vunipola survived being dropped for indiscipline as the British and Irish Lions named an unchanged side for the deciding third test against the All Blacks at Eden Park on Saturday.

Rugby-British and Irish Lions team to face All Blacks AUCKLAND, July 6 British and Irish Lions coach Warren Gatland named the following side to face the All Blacks in the third match of their three-test series in Auckland on Saturday.

Rugby-All Blacks team to play British & Irish Lions AUCKLAND, July 6 New Zealand coach Steve Hansen named the following side on Thursday to play the third test against the British and Irish Lions in Auckland on Saturday.

Rugby-Lions must stay calm and play like it's a World Cup final WELLINGTON, July 5 The deciding third test against the All Blacks at Eden Park on Saturday will be like playing in a World Cup final and the British and Irish Lions are keen to make sure they do not get swept up in the emotion of the game.

~_~

VIDEO SHOWS: ENGLAND CAPTAIN JOE ROOT TALKING AHEAD OF FIRST TEST OF SERIES, ENGLAND TRAINING SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 5, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. PHOTOGRAPHERS, PAN AROUND TO JOE ROOT AND DEAN ELGAR 2. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I am very excited we have had two brilliant days preparation here and I am just really looking forward to getting out there now." REPORTER ASKING IF ROOT IS APPROACHING THINGS DIFFERENTLY: "Yeah naturally there is a few other things that come across your mind. But I have really enjoyed the past few days and I just want to get out there now and I want to start the week off and get on the field." 3. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 4. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I thought the way he bowled in India and the way he has performed throughout this season has been brilliant and he will obviously bring us a lot of control and a little bit of depth in terms of batting as well." 5. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 6. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "He has had his success in an England shirt when he has batted at three. His game is in good order and he has played really well throughout this season and he does look a different player to the last time he represented England. I know the sort of person he is and I am sure he is determined to show everyone that he is capable to perform well at this level." 7. ELGAR AND ROOT STORY: England have selected Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson to play in his first test match on home soil when the series against South Africa starts at Lord's on Thursday (July 6), said new captain Joe Root. The 27-year-old all-rounder made his England debut against India in Chennai last December and joins Worcestershire's Moeen Ali in an England team which will feature two spinners in a Lord's Test for the first time since 1993. Middlesex seamer Toby Roland-Jones is the player left out of the 12-man squad to accommodate Dawson, a right-handed batsman and left-arm spinner. The four-match series starts at Lord's on Thursday before the teams meet at Trent Bridge, The Oval and Old Trafford, and South Africa will also have a new man at the helm as regular skipper Faf du Plessis misses the game after his wife gave birth. Opener Dean Elgar will take his place for the first test with Du Plessis expected to return to lead the side at Trent Bridge on July 14.

~_~

Recent Lifestyle News

The Scream on cream: Korean barista wows fans with latte art SEOUL South Korean barista Lee Kang-bin is taking coffee art to the next level, creating miniature imitations of famous paintings on foamy cups of java at his central Seoul cafe. |

What happens in Vegas: Nevada puts pot on the menu for fun-seekers Nevada, the only state where both gambling and prostitution are legal, is adding recreational marijuana to its list of sanctioned indulgences for adults, with sales kicking off at more than dozen shops beginning on Saturday. |

On rainy 150th birthday, nation celebrates the meaning of Canada OTTAWA Canada's long-anticipated 150th birthday celebrations on Saturday were marked by heavy rains and some protests, though the downpour failed to dampen spirits of revelers who thronged in large numbers to enjoy musical performances and parades. |

Thailand: Home to some of world's biggest crocodile farms BANGKOK Thailand is home to some of the world's biggest crocodile farms, where tourists can see the giant reptiles lounging in the hot sun, chomping on chicken, or swarming in emerald green pools.

~_~

'Stem-cell tourism' needs tighter controls, say medical experts LONDON Stem-cell tourism involving patients who travel to developing countries for treatment with unproven and potentially risky therapies should be more tightly regulated, international health experts said on Wednesday.

Effectiveness of fire-safe cigarette laws still unclear (Reuters Health) - Laws requiring cigarettes to be made with a fire-retarding design may have reduced deaths from cigarette-related fires in the U.S. but the evidence is weak and inconsistent, researchers say.

Heartburn drugs tied to greater mortality (Reuters Health) - Widely used heartburn drugs are associated with increased risk of death, and the longer a person uses the drugs, the greater the risk, new research suggests.

~_~

Recent Environment News

Magnitude-5.8 earthquake strikes in western Montana: USGS A magnitude-5.8 earthquake hit western Montana early on Thursday, the U.S. Geological Survey reported, and people felt the tremor hundreds of miles away.

Hong Kong seizes largest ivory haul in 30 years HONG KONG Authorities in Hong Kong this week made their largest haul of contraband ivory in more than 30 years, amid surging illegal wildlife seizures fuelled by lax regulations and buoyant demand from mainland China. Water

Climate change action needs to go beyond Paris accord, Macron says PARIS Climate change action need to go beyond the 2015 Paris agreement, French President Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday, in comments reinforcing his earlier position on an international deal hit by U.S President Donald Trump's decision to pull out.

~_~

More Reuters Entertainment News

Soaring 'Hive' exhibit blends intimate details into its giant scale A soaring exhibit of stacked cardboard tubes shaped into three hive-like interconnected structures will make its debut on Thursday at a Washington, D.C., museum as part of its annual interactive art installation series. |

Tolkien estate, Warner Bros. settle 'Hobbit' lawsuit The estate of J.R.R. Tolkien has settled an $80 million lawsuit against Warner Bros. over the licensing of online games, slot machines and other gambling-related merchandise based on the author's books "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings."

Dior fashion show celebrates 70 years of traveling spirit PARIS French fashion house Christian Dior marked its 70th anniversary on Monday with a show staged outside the Invalides museum in Paris and inspired by its founder's travels around the world. |

~_~

Soaring 'Hive' exhibit blends intimate details into its giant scale A soaring exhibit of stacked cardboard tubes shaped into three hive-like interconnected structures will make its debut on Thursday at a Washington, D.C., museum as part of its annual interactive art installation series. |

Turkey protests Berlin art installation targeting Erdogan ISTANBUL Turkey on Tuesday condemned as incitement to violence an art installation in front of the German Chancellery that portrayed President Tayyip Erdogan as a dictator, a few days before he is due to attend a G20 summit in Germany.

Sand sculpture festival brings super-heroes to Belgian beach OSTEND, Belgium A beach in Belgium has been transformed into a giant sandy gallery, featuring larger-than-life super heroes, cartoon characters and Cinderella's castle, for one of the world's biggest sand-sculpture festivals.

London's V&A goes underground for new gallery LONDON London's Victoria and Albert Museum has built a vast, underground exhibition space as part of a 55 million pound ($70 million) refurbishment. |

As art flies off the walls at Basel, buyers beware, experts warn BASEL, Switzerland "When did so many people start caring about contemporary art?" wondered Marc Glimcher, head of the Pace gallery empire, as he busily made deals at Art Basel's VIP preview this week. |

Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole his design NEW YORK A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower he designed in 1999 while in graduate school.

The London gallery shining a light on neon art LONDON On the flick of a flurry of switches, a studio on a gray industrial estate in East London lights up to reveal hundreds of bright neon artworks. |

Street artists bring color to Israeli and Jordanian streets ARAD, Israel With large murals of black cats and colorful gurning faces, a group of traveling international artists are bringing a splash of colorful street art to towns in Israel and Jordan.

~_~

Recent Oddly Enough News

German teen suspected of shooting toy gun at Thai king BERLIN German prosecutors said on Wednesday they were investigating a 14-year-old boy suspected of shooting plastic bullets from a toy gun at the King of Thailand who was cycling near Munich this month. The king was not hurt.

Italian court says lobsters must not catch cold before cooking ROME Italy's highest court ruled on Friday that lobsters must not be kept on ice in restaurant kitchens because it causes them unjustifiable suffering before they head for death by fine dining.

New Mexican-U.S. beer mocks Trump as frowning mariachi MEXICO CITY Mexican and U.S. brewers have reinvented U.S. President Donald Trump as a gun-slinging mariachi folk musician to promote a new beer celebrating cross-border cooperation. |

Pakistan arrests man for driving pet lion through Karachi streets ISLAMABAD Police in Pakistan have arrested a man who took his pet lion for a night-time drive through the streets of the bustling southern port city of Karachi after video of the incident went viral on social media, police said on Thursday.

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

Annette Bening has been announced as the president of the International Competition Jury at the 74th Venice International Film Festival. The announcement was made by the board of directors of the annual Italian film festival. The actress, who is married to actor Warren Beatty, is known for movies such as "American Beauty", "Being Julia" and "The Kids Are All Right". In a statement, the four-time Academy Award nominee says: "I'm honored to be asked to serve as the president of the jury for this year's Venice Film Festival. I look forward to seeing the movies, and working with my fellow jury members to celebrate the best of this year's cinema from all over the world." The film festival will run from August 30 to September 9.

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

Golf-Korda sisters follow in father's footsteps on sports path OLYMPIA FIELDS, Illinois, July 4 Jessica and Nelly Korda are friends as well as competitors on the LPGA Tour, where the sisters are showing similar proficiency with a golf club as their father Petr demonstrated wielding a tennis racket. Tennis,

Golf-Woods says has completed treatment to deal with medications July 3 Tiger Woods, who was a no-show last week at the PGA tournament that benefits his foundation, said on social media on Monday that he had completed a program to help him manage medications he used to deal with back pain.

Golf-Kang, friend of celebrities, may be poised to become one OLYMPIA FIELDS, Illinois, July 3 Danielle Kang counts several celebrities among her friends and she took a step towards entering the world of fame herself with victory at the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship on Sunday.

Golf-World Rankings July 3 (Gracenote) - The World Rankings 1. (1) Dustin Johnson (U.S.) 12.41 2. (2) Hideki Matsuyama (Japan) 8.02 3. (3) Jordan Spieth (U.S.) 7.60 4. (4) Rory McIlroy (Britain) 7.57 5. (6) Sergio Garcia (Spain) 7.27 6. (5) Jason Day (Australia) 7.08 7. (7) Henrik Stenson (Sweden) 6.74 8. (8) Alexander Noren (Sweden) 6.33 9. (9) Rickie Fowler (U.S.) 5.85 10. (10) Brooks Koepka

Golf-Fleetwood prepares for special homecoming at British Open LONDON, England, July 3 Tommy Fleetwood's dramatic win at the French Open pushed his world ranking to a career-high 15 on Monday, as the 26-year-old looked forward to being thrust centre stage in England's sporting summer.

Golf-Perry claims U.S. Open Senior title July 2 Kenny Perry shot a final round two-under-par 68 to win the U.S. Senior Open on Sunday at Salem Country Club in Peabody, Massachusetts.

UPDATE 1-Golf-Kang wins Women's PGA Championship to make first victory a major * Californian beats Canadian Henderson by one shot (Adds quotes, details)

Golf-FedEx Cup rankings July 3 (Gracenote) - FedEx Cup rankings 1. (1) Dustin Johnson (U.S.) 2270 2. (2) Hideki Matsuyama (Japan) 2145 3. (3) Justin Thomas (U.S.) 2060 4. (4) Jordan Spieth (U.S.) 1979 5. (5) Jon Rahm (Spain) 1708 6. (9) Rickie Fowler (U.S.) 1592 7. (6) Brooks Koepka (U.S.) 1534 8. (7) Kevin Kisner (U.S.) 1458 9. (8) Daniel Berger (U.S.) 1450 10. (10) Pat Perez (U.S.) 1426 11. (11) Brian Harman (U.S.) 1420 12.

~_~

Manchester United have agreed a 75 million pound ($97 million) deal for Everton striker Romelu Lukaku, a source close to the negotiations told Reuters on Thursday.

The move, which is not connected to any talks of a Wayne Rooney deal in the opposite direction, is expected to be formally announced within the next 36 hours.

Lukaku had been United's number one target for next season, the source said.

United will not now be pursuing any interest in Real Madrid's Alvaro Morata.

"Chelsea's interest in Lukaku allowed United to fly under the radar on this," the source said. "But he has been the club's number one target."

There had been much speculation that the Belgian international would return to Chelsea, which he joined in 2011.

Last season Lukaku became the first Everton player since Bob Latchford to score 25 goals in two consecutive seasons in all competitions.

The Belgian was named in the PFA Team of the Year for the first time, and was also included in the six player shortlists for the PFA Player of the Year and PFA Young Player of the Year awards.

(Editing by Louise Ireland)

~_~

Lions, All Blacks braced for 'epic' decider

All of the frozen toes, mud in the eyes and skinned knees suffered as a child that developed into thousands of collisions and months of rehabilitation from career-threatening injuries comes down to one game for British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton.

~_~

Cricket - England Nets - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 South Africa's Dean Elgar (L) and England's Joe Root pose with trophies Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra

Cricket - England vs South Africa - First Test - London, Britain - July 6, 2017 South Africa's Vernon Philander celebrates makes a successful appeal for the wicket of England's Keaton Jennings Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra

Cricket - England vs South Africa - First Test - London, Britain - July 6, 2017 England's Alastair Cook walks off dejected after losing his wicket Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra

Cricket - England vs South Africa - First Test - London, Britain - July 6, 2017 South Africa's Vernon Philander celebrates with teammates after taking the wicket of England's Keaton Jennings Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra

Cricket - England vs South Africa - First Test - London, Britain - July 6, 2017 England's Joe Root in action Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra

Cricket - England vs South Africa - First Test - London, Britain - July 6, 2017 England's Joe Root in action Action Images via Reuters/Peter Cziborra

LONDON England captain Joe Root, leading the side for the first time, won the toss and opted to bat in the first test against South Africa at Lord's on Thursday.

England picked spinner Liam Dawson, while Keaton Jennings will open the batting with former skipper Alastair Cook and Gary Ballance returns at number three.

South Africa, captained by Dean Elgar in the absence of Faf du Plessis, named all-rounder Theunis de Bruyn at number six and opener Heino Kuhn makes his test debut.

England: Alastair Cook, Keaton Jennings, Gary Ballance, Joe Root (captain), Jonny Bairstow, Ben Stokes, Moeen Ali, Liam Dawson, Stuart Broad, James Anderson, Mark Wood.

South Africa: Dean Elgar (captain), Heino Kuhn, Hashim Amla, JP Duminy, Temba Bavuma, Theunis de Bruyn, Quinton de Kock, Vernon Philander, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Morne Morkel.

(Reporting by Ed Osmond; Editing by John O'Brien)

~_~

Defending world long jump champion Greg Rutherford has been ruled out of the Anniversary Games in London on July 9 with an ankle ligament injury but hopes to recover in time for the World Championships in August, the 30-year-old has said.

Rutherford has struggled with injuries this year and underwent scans on his ankle after winning the long jump event at the Gavardo meeting in Italy last month. He also missed the British team trials last Saturday.

"After some really excellent training this year, the start to the season has been riddled with a series of troublesome injuries, most recently a problem with an ankle ligament," Rutherford said in a statement on his verified Twitter account.

"As a result, I am absolutely gutted to say that I am unable to compete at the Anniversary Games this weekend -- one of the greatest events in our sport."

"Obviously this isn't ideal, but I am doing everything to give myself the best chance of success at the World Championships in London... "

The former Olympic champion is scheduled to defend his title at the World Championships being held from Aug. 4-13.

(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 4, 2017 Czech Republic’s Karolina Pliskova celebrates winning the first round match against Russia’s Evgeniya Rodina REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 Czech Republic's Petra Kvitova in action during her second round match against USA's Madison Brengle REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

LONDON The Czech challenge for the Wimbledon women's title may have lost Petra Kvitova but third-seed and bookmaker's favourite Karolina Pliskova will continue her bid on Thursday.

While threats of thunderstorms in SW19 could mean some delays to the programme on what could be a warm, muggy day, Pliskova will expect no disruption to her timetable.

Slovak Magdalena Rybarikova is an experienced campaigner, however, who is rebuilding her rankings after a series of injury woes and represents a tricky test on Centre Court.

Kvitova's attempt to repeat her triumphs in 2011 and 2014, ended with a second-round loss to 95th-ranked American Madison Brengle on Wednesday.

World number one Angelique Kerber is also in action, taking on Belgian veteran Kirsten Flipkens.

On the men's side, seven-times champion Roger Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two.

The pair will be looking to get a full game under their belts after their first round challenger both retired injured early in their contests on Tuesday.

(Reporting by Simon Evans; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

Britain Tennis - Aegon Classic - Edgbaston Priory Club, Birmingham - June 19, 2017 Japan's Naomi Osaka in action during the first round against USA's Lauren Davis Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

The 19-year-old put out Czech 22nd seed Barbora Strycova 6-1 0-6 6-4 on Wednesday to set up Friday's third round clash with the five-times champion, who, at 37, is the oldest woman in the field.

"I kind of feel like I have been preparing for this my whole life," Osaka, ranked 59, told reporters.

"Playing her on a surface which is one of her best at a tournament which is one of her best, I'm really humbled to be able to come here from watching her on the TV."

The American 10th seed, who beat China's Wang Qiang 4-6 6-4 6-1 on Wednesday, began her Wimbledon career in June 1997, almost four months before Osaka was born.

"I have seen her play before. I think we play a really similar game," Venus told reporters.

"I hope that my experience will help me to play that game that we play better."

That Venus had spoken about her in her news conference was dizzying enough for Osaka.

"I'm kind of honoured, because I don't think I would have started playing if Venus and Serena weren't there for me growing up," she said.

"I mean, it's kind of weird to hear that she, like, maybe she even talked about me."

For all her admiration for Venus, however, Osaka has always modelled herself on 23-times grand slam champion Serena.

"I'm kind of more of a Serena person. I mean, I like super love Venus, too, but Serena was my number one," said Osaka, whose older sister Mari is also a tennis player.

"I remember when me and my sister used to train at public courts and stuff, random people would be, like, 'Are you the next Venus and Serena?'

"I feel like they had a great role in us growing up. I always wanted to be Serena."

As for Venus, how was she going to deal with the challenge of playing Osaka? For her it was simple: "Win more points."

(Reporting by Alison Williams, editing by Nick Mulvenney)

~_~

VIDEO SHOWS: ENGLAND CAPTAIN JOE ROOT TALKING AHEAD OF FIRST TEST OF SERIES, ENGLAND TRAINING SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 5, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. PHOTOGRAPHERS, PAN AROUND TO JOE ROOT AND DEAN ELGAR 2. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I am very excited we have had two brilliant days preparation here and I am just really looking forward to getting out there now." REPORTER ASKING IF ROOT IS APPROACHING THINGS DIFFERENTLY: "Yeah naturally there is a few other things that come across your mind. But I have really enjoyed the past few days and I just want to get out there now and I want to start the week off and get on the field." 3. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 4. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I thought the way he bowled in India and the way he has performed throughout this season has been brilliant and he will obviously bring us a lot of control and a little bit of depth in terms of batting as well." 5. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 6. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "He has had his success in an England shirt when he has batted at three. His game is in good order and he has played really well throughout this season and he does look a different player to the last time he represented England. I know the sort of person he is and I am sure he is determined to show everyone that he is capable to perform well at this level." 7. ELGAR AND ROOT STORY: England have selected Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson to play in his first test match on home soil when the series against South Africa starts at Lord's on Thursday (July 6), said new captain Joe Root. The 27-year-old all-rounder made his England debut against India in Chennai last December and joins Worcestershire's Moeen Ali in an England team which will feature two spinners in a Lord's Test for the first time since 1993. Middlesex seamer Toby Roland-Jones is the player left out of the 12-man squad to accommodate Dawson, a right-handed batsman and left-arm spinner. The four-match series starts at Lord's on Thursday before the teams meet at Trent Bridge, The Oval and Old Trafford, and South Africa will also have a new man at the helm as regular skipper Faf du Plessis misses the game after his wife gave birth. Opener Dean Elgar will take his place for the first test with Du Plessis expected to return to lead the side at Trent Bridge on July 14.

~_~

VIDEO SHOWS: ENGLAND CAPTAIN JOE ROOT TALKING AHEAD OF FIRST TEST OF SERIES, ENGLAND TRAINING SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 5, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. PHOTOGRAPHERS, PAN AROUND TO JOE ROOT AND DEAN ELGAR 2. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I am very excited we have had two brilliant days preparation here and I am just really looking forward to getting out there now." REPORTER ASKING IF ROOT IS APPROACHING THINGS DIFFERENTLY: "Yeah naturally there is a few other things that come across your mind. But I have really enjoyed the past few days and I just want to get out there now and I want to start the week off and get on the field." 3. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 4. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I thought the way he bowled in India and the way he has performed throughout this season has been brilliant and he will obviously bring us a lot of control and a little bit of depth in terms of batting as well." 5. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 6. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "He has had his success in an England shirt when he has batted at three. His game is in good order and he has played really well throughout this season and he does look a different player to the last time he represented England. I know the sort of person he is and I am sure he is determined to show everyone that he is capable to perform well at this level." 7. ELGAR AND ROOT STORY: England have selected Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson to play in his first test match on home soil when the series against South Africa starts at Lord's on Thursday (July 6), said new captain Joe Root. The 27-year-old all-rounder made his England debut against India in Chennai last December and joins Worcestershire's Moeen Ali in an England team which will feature two spinners in a Lord's Test for the first time since 1993. Middlesex seamer Toby Roland-Jones is the player left out of the 12-man squad to accommodate Dawson, a right-handed batsman and left-arm spinner. The four-match series starts at Lord's on Thursday before the teams meet at Trent Bridge, The Oval and Old Trafford, and South Africa will also have a new man at the helm as regular skipper Faf du Plessis misses the game after his wife gave birth. Opener Dean Elgar will take his place for the first test with Du Plessis expected to return to lead the side at Trent Bridge on July 14.

~_~

==RESENDING WITH FULL SCRIPT AND SHOT LIST== EDITORS PLEASE NOTE, THIS MATERIAL FALLS OUTSIDE OF THE BROADCAST RESTRICTION TIME LIMIT IMPOSED BY AELTC AS IT IS DESIGNED FOR DIGITAL USE. IT CAN ALSO BE ACCESSED BY BROADCASTERS== VIDEO SHOWS: ANDY MURRAY, JOHANNA KONTA, KEI NISHIKORI AND VENUS WILLIAMS WINNING AT WIMBLEDON, MURRAY KONTA TALKING ABOUT THEIR MATCHES SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 5, 2017) (AELTC - SEE RESTRICTIONS) 1. JOHANNA KONTA WINS MATCH POINT AGAINST DONNA VEKIC 2. SOUNDBITE (English) JOHANNA KONTA SAYING: "I am coming here to do the best that I can, to compete the best I can. I think I showed that today. Like I did in my other round. like I did in 99.9 per cent of the matches that I have played. Again, what was shown today is there is no easy match, there is no easy opponent. Every single woman in the draw can play at a very high level on any given day and I am just really enjoying these challenges and these tests that I am being faced with." 3. KEI NISHIKORI WINS MATCH POINT OVER SERGIY STAKHOVSKY 4. ANDY MURRAY LOBS DUSTIN BROWN ON WAY TO STRAIGHT SETS VICTORY 5. MURRAY WINS MATCH POINT 6. SOUNDBITE (English) ANDY MURRAY SAYING: "I mean certainly the first two matches have been difficult to come up with game plans because you don't know how exactly the two guys are going to play. I think against Fabio, although he has been a better player over the years than the guys I have played in the first two matches, it is may be easier to come up with a game plan because there is going to be a bit more structure and strategy in the match rather than reacting and instinctive points. " 7. VENUS WILLIAMS WINS MATCH POINT OVER QIANG WANG STORY: Defending champion Andy Murray and sixth Johanna Konta won as four British players progressed to the third round at Wimbledon on Wednesday for the first time in 20 years. Konta, who had never previously reached the third round at the championships, showed great mental strength to beat Croatia's Donna Vekic 7-6(4) 4-6 10-8 in three hours and 10 minutes on Centre Court. World number one Murray followed up with a dominant display, beating German Dustin Brown's 6-3 6-2 6-2. Heather Watson saw off Latvian 18th seed Anastasija Sevastova 6-0 6-4 and Aljaz Bedene overcame Bosnian Damir Dzumhur 6-3 3-6 6-3 6-3. Two-times champion Petra Kvitova, who was playing only her third event this year after recovering from a knife attack at her home, struggled to find her touch on Court Two before losing 6-3 1-6 6-2 to American Madison Brengle. French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko battled her misfiring game to beat Canadian qualifier Francoise Abanda 4-6 7-6(4) 6-3 and reach the third round at Wimbledon for the first time. Fourth seed Rafael Nadal progressed to the third round with a dominant performance against American Donald Young, beating his 43rd-ranked opponent 6-4 6-2 7-5.

~_~

NOTE: VIDEO AND AUDIO QUALITY AS INCOMING SHOWS: VITTEL, FRANCE (JULY 5, 2017)(BORA-HANSGROHE TEAM - ACCESS ALL)(AUDIO AND VIDEO QUALITY AS INCOMING) 1. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PETER SAGAN OF BORA-HANSGROHE TEAM, DISQUALIFIED FROM THE TOUR DE FRANCE SPEAKS TO REPORTERS, SAYING: "First of all hello everybody thank you for coming here. I didn't do some recording or something yesterday because I did not think it was a good time. And today what can I do? I can just accept the decision of the jury but for sure I do not agree with them because I do not think I did something wrong in the sprint. But is very bad that Mark, yeah, fell down and it is important that he can recover well, I am sorry for that. But it is how you see already on the internet a crazy sprint - it is not the first one like that and will not be the last one like that. So I wish to Mark recovery well and that's it." STORY: World champion Peter Sagan on Wednesday (July 5) told reporters he accepted disqualification from the Tour de France but did not agree with it. Sagan, the world road-racing champion, was attempting to win the Tour de France points title for the sixth consecutive time this year when he collided with Mark Cavendish during a hectic finale to the fourth stage. Cavendish broke his shoulder blade in the crash and has withdrawn from the Tour. A race jury determined Sagan broke the rules and disqualified him from the race. Sagan, wearing street clothes, appeared in front of reporters before the fifth stage began in Vittel to say he accepted the jury's decision but did not agree with it. "I do not think I did something wrong in the sprint," he said. Sagan's German team Bora-Hansgrohe initially appealed against the decision of the race jury to throw the Slovak out of the Tour.

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Soccer Football - Liverpool Tour - Sydney FC vs Liverpool - Sydney, Australia - 24/5/17 - Liverpool's coach Juergen Klopp reacts at the end of the match. REUTERS/David Gray

Liverpool can handle the pressure of opening their Premier League campaign and taking part in a Champions League playoff within the same week as they have a stronger squad than last season, manager Juergen Klopp has said.

Liverpool's fourth-placed league finish sealed a spot in the playoff round for next season's Champions League, the first leg of which will be held on Aug. 15-16, with the second leg to be played the following week.

The Merseyside club start their league campaign on Aug. 12 at Watford and Klopp believes that they can make a good start and seal a return to the Champions League after two seasons.

"We all know in a few weeks we have these qualifiers and there will be pressure on the game," Klopp told the club's website. "But now we have the time to prepare for this and we have to use the basis we created last year...

"We are now one of the top four teams in England, so now we want to keep this situation and work with it and improve.

"The squad will be stronger this year than it was last year. That's a reason for real optimism."

Klopp's side begin their pre-season preparations with a friendly at non-league Tranmere Rovers on July 12.

(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)

~_~

LONDON Dustin Brown's audacious attempt to unseat defending Wimbledon champion Andy Murray with a show-boating brand of serve and volley tennis was always likely to end in failure. And it did.

The crowd warmed to the dreadlocked German though, especially those pining for the days when grasscourt tennis really was grasscourt tennis and volleying was revered.

These days serve and volleyers are regarded as novelty attractions in a sport dominated by players more than happy to win back at the baseline.

Take a peak at the wear pattern on Wimbledon's lawns this week and the baselines are straw-coloured and dusty.

It's a far cry from the days when net-rushing turf warriors like John McEnroe, Boris Becker and Pete Sampras left the baselines alone and chewed up the zone around the service boxes.

There are still players prepared to gamble though -- which is how Germany's Mischa Zverev describes his serve and volley game that bamboozled Murray at this year's Australian Open.

"It's like flipping a coin 200 times a day and then hopefully you win the majority of those coin tosses," the German 27th seed, who plays Mikhail Kukushkin on Thursday, says.

"You need to be ready mentally to (play serve and volley) for months and months at a time. Maybe lose 6-2 6-2, get passed 75 times, and still be okay the next time you do it."

There are multiple reasons, it appears, that only a handful of players -- Zverev, giant Croatian Ivo Karlovic, Luxembourg left-hander Gilles Muller, Queen's Club champion Feliciano Lopez and Ukraine's Sergiy Stakhovsky -- are serve and volleying.

In 2002, when critics decried the shortness of the rallies, Wimbledon switched to a harder-wearing rye grass.

The result was less skid, and higher more trustworthy bounce -- giving baseliners crucial extra time to line up their passing shots. Slower balls, enhanced strings -- offering more spin and control -- and the fact that modern groundstrokes have become so deadly are also contributory factors.

When Lleyton Hewitt, essentially a baseliner, won the Wimbledon title in 2002, serve-and-volley made up 33 percent of total points in the men's draw.

Now it is in single digits.

Yet when utilised the success rate is high. Muller followed his serve in a relatively modest 32 times during a five-set marathon against Czech Lukas Rosol on Wednesday but won 81 percent of those points.

"You have to mix it up, you can't give these guys too many targets," Muller, who was bumped up to 16th seed from a ranking of 26 because of his grasscourt acumen, told Reuters.

"But I use it a couple of times a game, maybe more. Back in 2001 when I was reached the junior final the courts were really fast. The bounce is still low, but it's slow too.

"That makes it harder."

Stakhovsky, who in 2013 famously beat Wimbledon king Roger Federer playing old-school serve and volley tennis, said the tactic can cause shocks every now and again but the percentages are loaded in favour of those who stay back.

"Dustin is one of the few that come in all the time but it's an unacceptable level of risk," the Ukrainian told Reuters after losing to Japan's Kei Nishikori.

"You won't get away with it. The pace of the courts are slow. It used to be a wide serve and volley into the corner, point done. Now a deep volley is not dangerous any more and you can become a sitting duck."

"I understand the spectators want to see longer rallies, not just 180 serves in a match, but somewhere along the lines it just went too much towards the extremes."

There is hope though for lovers of the volleying arts.

Ultimate baseline warrior Rafa Nadal played some sublime serve and volley points against Donald Young on Wednesday and Federer will employ the tactic.

"If I were coaching a young player I would teach them to serve and volley," 34-year-old Muller said.

"95 percent of the top 100 are not doing it so that means they never practise to prepare for a serve and volleyer coming at them. If you mix it up and throw in some serve and volley it makes the returner take more risks."

(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)

~_~

Manchester City's Ilkay Gundogan is working hard to regain his full fitness and feature in the club's pre-season programme, the Germany midfielder has said.

The 26-year-old played 16 matches for City before sustaining a season-ending knee injury in December. He returned to light training last month, ahead of his team mates.

"I still have to do a lot of work until I am back but I am ready and working hard. I am in a good way," he told the club website (www.mancity.com).

"I am just waiting for the team to come back and maybe I am able to join the first bits of every training session - so warm-up stuff, some passing, some tactical stuff.

"Then hopefully over the next weeks I will be able to join them for the rest of the training sessions and, of course, the games."

Gundogan could return to action this month as City travel to the United States for a pre-season tour where they play rivals Manchester United, Tottenham Hotspur and Spanish champions Real Madrid in the International Champions Cup.

(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)

~_~

Rugby Union - New Zealand All Blacks v British and Irish Lions - Lions Tour - Westpac Stadium, Wellington, New Zealand - July 1, 2017 Lions' Sam Warburton gestures at the end of the match. REUTERS/David Gray

AUCKLAND All of the frozen toes, mud in the eyes and skinned knees suffered as a child that developed into thousands of collisions and months of rehabilitation from career-threatening injuries comes down to one game for British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton.

A series-deciding test match between the Lions and the All Blacks at Eden Park on Saturday that kicks off at 7:35 p.m. (8.35 a.m. BST).

"We do appreciate it is the biggest game we have played in," Warburton said on Thursday. "But that's what every sacrifice you have made since you were a young kid and decided to be a rugby player is all about, moments like this.

"All the guys are really excited about it and getting prepared for the big game."

The magnitude of the 'big game' has not been lost on the visitors' unchanged side, who were involved in what coach Warren Gatland described as a "tetchy" training session on Thursday with "words exchanged" between players.

The All Blacks, after all, have lost just one series -- in 1971 -- to the British combined team since they first started touring New Zealand in 1888.

They last lost successive tests against anyone at home in 1998 and have not been beaten at Eden Park in 23 years.

Coupled with that, the All Blacks get angry after a defeat. Very angry.

"I am definitely expecting a reaction, similar to the one we had in the second test after the first test defeat," Warburton said. "We have got all week to try and get ready for that.

"I think it will be a real proper, epic test match."

SHAKEN NOT STIRRED

The All Blacks convincingly beat up the Lions in the collision areas to win the first game 30-15 at Eden Park two weeks ago.

Warburton's side levelled the series with a 24-21 win last week after they wore down the All Blacks, who had been reduced to 14 men in the 25th minute when Sonny Bill Williams was sent off for a dangerous shoulder charge.

The four-week suspension Williams received created a major backline shake-up for the world champions with coach Steve Hansen naming Ngani Laumape to start his first test after he came off the bench for his debut last week.

His Wellington Hurricanes team mate Jordie Barrett has also been given a first test start after he made his debut against Samoa last month off the bench, while Julian Savea has returned on the left wing, replacing the ill Rieko Ioane. [nL3N1JW4GJ]

While the changes were out of necessity and something British media have said could be a weakness for the Lions to exploit, Hansen has not been afraid in the past of trusting his gut and giving youngsters the message they should simply impose themselves on the game on Saturday.

"Both of them have pulled the jersey on before so they know what is happening," Hansen said of Barrett and Laumape. "It's the same as every week, go out there and trust your instincts and play.

"If you do that... then you walk down the tunnel with a lot of confidence in yourself and trust in your team mates... and that's what sport is about.

"It's about trusting your own abilities under pressure and we've been pretty good at that over the years."

(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by John O'Brien)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Britain Soccer Football - Huddersfield Town v Fulham - Sky Bet Championship - The John Smith's Stadium - 22/4/17 Fulham’s Scott Malone celebrates at the final whistle Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Andrew Boyers Livepic

Huddersfield Town have signed their ninth player in the current transfer window with defender Scott Malone joining the Premier League side from Championship team Fulham on a three-year deal, the West Yorkshire club announced.

The 26-year-old played in 42 matches last season in his first and only season at Fulham with his impressive performances earning him a spot in the Championship Team of the Year.

Fulham finished sixth in the league and reached the play-off semi-finals, where they lost to Reading.

"Scott is a good physical presence and is a very capable defender, plus he adds a lot going forward," Huddersfield manager David Wagner told the club website (www.htafc.com).

"He shows good football intelligence to time his forward runs and can setup goals for teammates and scoring them himself."

Malone is the club's fifth recruit since Tuesday after the signings of forward Steve Mounie and midfielders Tom Ince, Danny Williams and Kasey Palmer.

(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)

~_~

Recent Business News

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

Qatar Airways aims to start buying American Airlines shares 'soon' DUBLIN Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker said on Thursday the Doha-based carrier would soon start buying shares in American Airlines "depending on the share price." Aerospace & Defence

Reckitt Benckiser trims sales forecasts after cyber attack LONDON British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser trimmed its sales forecasts on Thursday, becoming one of the first companies to put a cost on a global cyber attack that disrupted its manufacturing and distribution.

Primark pierces UK consumer gloom with improved sales LONDON Clothing retailer Primark returned to underlying sales growth for the first time in 18 months, with low prices and warm weather driving a strong performance in Britain in its latest quarter, owner Associated British Foods said on Thursday. UK

~_~

New map records sites of Australia's colonial massacres

A new map that tracks the massacres of indigenous Australians by European settlers over more than 80 years, dating from the 18th century, could prove to be the country's most comprehensive guide to the strife when it is completed.

~_~

Recent Business News

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

Qatar Airways aims to start buying American Airlines shares 'soon' DUBLIN Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker said on Thursday the Doha-based carrier would soon start buying shares in American Airlines "depending on the share price." Aerospace & Defence

Reckitt Benckiser trims sales forecasts after cyber attack LONDON British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser trimmed its sales forecasts on Thursday, becoming one of the first companies to put a cost on a global cyber attack that disrupted its manufacturing and distribution.

Primark pierces UK consumer gloom with improved sales LONDON Clothing retailer Primark returned to underlying sales growth for the first time in 18 months, with low prices and warm weather driving a strong performance in Britain in its latest quarter, owner Associated British Foods said on Thursday. UK

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Exclusive - Saba Capital, famed for 'London Whale' bet, to shut London office: sources

LONDON New York-based Saba Capital Management, famed for its winning bet against the JPMorgan Chase trader known as the 'London Whale', is closing its office in London's Mayfair district, two sources close to the situation told Reuters.

~_~

(Aggiunge Mps, altri deal da studio PwC) MILANO, 5 luglio PERIODO VENDITORE COMPRATORE GROSS BOOK VALUE (MLN EURO) TIPO DI PORTAFOGLIO 2017-Q3 Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena Atlante 2 26.100 Mixed Secured/Unsecured (Bad Loans) 2017-Q3 Banca Ifis LCM Partners e non specificato 250 Mixed Consumer/Re-performing 2017-Q2 Banca Mediocredito FVG Bain Capital 400 Secured 2017-Q2 CR Ferrara Atlante 343 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2017-Q2 Findomestic Banca Ifis 321 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2017-Q2 Deutsche Bank Kruk Group 132 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2017-Q2 UniCredit Leasing MBCredit Solutions 500 Unsecured Retail 2017-Q2 Non specificato Axactor 22 Unsecured 2017-Q2 Banco BPM Algebris 750 Secured Real Estate 2017-Q2 Non specificato Banca Ifis 302 Unsecured 2017-Q2 Intesa Sanpaolo CRC e Bayview 2.500 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2017-Q2 Non specificato Banca Ifis 112 Unsecured 2017-Q2 Banca Sella B2 Holding 126 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2017-Q2 Barclays Banca Ifis 190 Mixed Performing/Non-performing(Consumer) 2017-Q2 Deutsche Bank Banca Ifis 414 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2017-Q1 Deutsche Bank e Santander Banca Ifis 573 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2017-Q1 UniCredit Kruk 50 Altro 2017-Q1 Credito Valtellinese Non specificato 50 Secured (UTPs e Bad Loans) 2017-Q1 Intesa Sanpaolo Provis Credito Fondiario 280 Leasing 2017-Q1 Barclays AnaCap 177 Mixed Performing/Non-performingCorporate Secured 2017-Q1 Banca Marche, BP Etruria e Lazio, CR Chieti Atlante (Mezzanine + Junior) 2.200 Mixed bad loans/UTPs 2017-Q1 Banco BPM Hoist Finance (Marte SPV) 641 Unsecured 2017-Q1 Bnl Banca Ifis 1.000 Unsecured Corporate/Retail 2016-Q4 BCC Multi-originator Bayview 366 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2016-Q4 Banco Desio Creditech (Mediobanca) 150 Retail/SMEs 2016-Q4 Banca Ifis Kruk Group 750 Unsecured 2016-Q4 Non specificato Banca Ifis 54 Retail/SMEs (Utilities) 2016-Q4 BPER Non specificato 150 Unsecured Corporate 2016-Q4 Agos Ducato Hoist Finance 350 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q4 Credito Valtellinese Non specificato 105 SecuredReal Estate 2016-Q4 UniCredit PIMCO, Fortress 17.700 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2016-Q4 Non specificato Banca Ifis 71 Mixed Secured (68%)/Unsecured 2016-Q4 Italian Consumer Credit Company Banca Ifis 76 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q4 BCC Multi-originator Locam (SeerCapital) 338 Non specificato 2016-Q4 UniCredit Kruk Group 940 Retail/SMEs 2016-Q4 Banca Ifis Non specificato 861 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q4 Banco Popolare Hoist Finance (Marte SPV) 618 Unsecured 2016-Q4 Locam (Seer Capital) Kruk Group 150 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q4 Leading Italian Bank Banca Ifis 100 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q3 Findomestic Banca Ifis 384 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q3 Leading Credit Company Banca Ifis 35 Unsecured/Leasing Automotive 2016-Q3 UniCredit Balbec Asset Managemt 570 Unsecured (SMEs) 2016-Q3 Heta Asset Resolution AG Bain Capital Credit 650 Servicing Platform + Leasing Secured Portfolio 2016-Q3 BP Bari SPV (Law 130/99) 480 Mixed Secured (63%)/Unsecured 2016-Q3 BPER Algebris e Cerberus 450 Mixed Corporate Secured (87%)/Unsecured 2016-Q3 CR Bolzano Algebris 320 Secured Real Estate 2016-Q3 Credem Locam (Seer Capital) 90 Unsecured 2016-Q2 Locam (Seer Capital) Banca Ifis 466 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q2 Accedo (ISP) Creditech (Mediobanca) 400 Unsecured 2016-Q2 Consum.it (MPS) Kruk Group 290 Unsecured 2016-Q2 Banco Popolare Banca Ifis 152 Bank Account Overdrafts 2016-Q2 Banco Popolare Confidential 54 Leasing (Non specificato) 2016-Q2 Banca IFIS Locam (Seer Capital) 45 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2016-Q2 Banco Popolare Non specificato 34 SecuredReal Estate 2016-Q2 Credito Valtellinese Algebris 22 Secured Residential Real Estate 2016-Q2 Non specificato Banca Ifis 1.000 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q2 Credito Valtellinese Credito Fondiario 106 Secured Real Estate 2016-Q2 Non specificato Banca Ifis 70 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q2 UniCredit AnaCap 420 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q2 Deutsche Bank Banca Ifis 240 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q2 Non specificato Banca Ifis 208 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2016-Q1 GE Capital & RBS AnaCap 2.000 Mixed Secured (Residential)/Unsecured (SMEs) 2016-Q1 Banca Carim Non specificato 35 Secured Real Estate 2016-Q1 Credito Valtellinese Credito Fondiario 314 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2016-Q1 BCC Multi-originator Bayview Fund Management 300 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2015-Q4 MPS Deutsche Bank 1.100 Unsecured (SMEs) 2015-Q4 Banca IFIS Italo Sicav 503 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2015-Q4 Banca IFIS Non specificato 477 Unsecured 2015-Q4 Seer Capital Management Banca Ifis 400 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2015-Q4 Banca IFIS Non specificato 397 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2015-Q4 Financial investor Banca Ifis 365 Unsecured 2015-Q4 Banca Etruria Credito Fondiario 302 Non specificato 2015-Q4 UniCredit Cerberus e non specificato 250 Mixed Secured/Unsecured (SMEs) 2015-Q4 Consel (Banca Sella) Banca Ifis 230 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2015-Q4 Deutsche Bank Algebris 172 Secured Residential Real Estate 2015-Q4 BCC Multi-originator Balbec Capital 120 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2015-Q4 Banco Popolare·Volksbank Banca Ifis 60 Unsecured 2015-Q4 Banco Popolare Hoist Finance 950 Unsecured 2015-Q4 BCC Multi-originator Christofferson, Robb & Co. 320 Mixed Secured/Unsecured (CRC) 2015-Q3 UniCredit AnaCap 1.200 Mixed Secured/Unsecured 2015-Q3 Santander Banca Ifis 630 Unsecured 2015-Q3 UniCredit Cerberus 205 Leasing Real Estate 2015-Q2 MPS Consum.it Banca IFIS e Cerberus 1.300 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2015-Q2 UniCredit PRA Group Europe 625 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2015-Q2 Banco Popolare Hoist Finance 210 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2015-Q2 Banca Sella Banca Ifis 33 Unsecured Consumer Finance 2015-Q2 Archon (Goldman Sachs) Non specificato 2.000 Mixed Secured/Unsecured Fonti: "Navigating the Italia credit opportunity - Non-performing loans and new credit tools" di EY; "The Italian NPL market - The place to be" di PwC; elaborazioni Reuters

~_~

Exclusive - Saba Capital, famed for 'London Whale' bet, to shut London office: sources

LONDON New York-based Saba Capital Management, famed for its winning bet against the JPMorgan Chase trader known as the 'London Whale', is closing its office in London's Mayfair district, two sources close to the situation told Reuters.

~_~

PRESS DIGEST -Wall Street Journal - July 6

July 6 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.

~_~

PRESS DIGEST -Wall Street Journal - July 6

July 6 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.

~_~

MILANO, 6 luglio Piazza Affari si avvia a chiudere la mattinata in lieve rialzo, in una seduta piuttosto fiacca, animata da qualche spunto speculativo in denaro.

"È una fase di lateralizzazione con tendenza a scivolare verso il basso. Milano va meglio dell'Europa per la presenza delle banche che continuano a beneficiare delle soluzioni trovate per Mps e Carige", spiega un trader.

** Poco prima delle 12 l'indice FTSE Mib guadagna lo 0,19%, l'Allshare lo 0,17%, lo Star è piatto. Volumi per 681 milioni di euro. Deboli le tre principali piazze europee.

** BANCA CARIGE torna positiva dopo un breve sbandamento che l'aveva portata ad azzerare i guadagni. In mattinata il titolo ha anche segnato +6%. Stamane ha annunciato di aver ceduto sofferenze per 938 milioni a un prezzo pari al 33%. L'operazione ha rassicurato il mercato perché va nella direzione auspicata dalla Bce per la banca genovese. Un secondo trader invece sgombra il campo dalle voci riportate da un quotidiano di una possibile scalata sul titolo. Carige segna +0,87% con volumi più che doppi rispetto alla media mensile sull'intera seduta. Da inizio settimana ha guadagnato oltre 35%.

** Positivi altri bancari come BANCO BPM (+2,27%) O UNICREDIT (+1,65%). Lo stoxx italiano sale dello 0,61%, quello europeo cede lo 0,13%.

** Debole MEDIASET (-1,43%) dopo che JPMorgan ha tagliato il target price a 3,6 euro da 4,4 con giudizio 'neutral'.

** Spunti in denaro su BREMBO (+2,82%) con volumi leggermente sopra la media. Bene anche nel settore LANDI RENZO (+5,72%). L'automotive in Europa è uno dei pochi settori positivi.

** PRELIOS (+2,24%) è ben comprata sulla notizia che agirà come servicer nell'operazione di cartolarizzazione di Carige.

** SIAS guadagna il 2,13% dopo che ieri il governo italiano ha raggiunto un accordo di principio con le autorità europee per la proroga di alcune concessioni autostradali in cambio di investimenti.

Per una panoramica su mercati e notizie in lingua italiana con quotazioni, grafici e dati, gli abbonati Eikon possono digitare nel Search Box di Eikon la parola "Pagina Italia" o "Panorama Italia"

Sul sito www.reuters.it le altre notizie Reuters in italiano. Le top news anche su www.twitter.com/reuters_italia

** AZIONARIO ITALIANO ** I prezzi delle azioni trattate sul mercato telematico italiano possono essere visualizzati con un doppio click sui seguenti codici ........

Market statistics................................ 20 maggiori rialzi (in percentuale).............. 20 maggiori ribassi (in percentuale).............

Indice FTSE IT Allshare .... Indice FTSE Mib .............. Indice FTSE Italia Star ..... Indice FTSE Italia Mid Cap .. Indice FTSE Italia Small Cap . Indice FTSE Italia Micro Cap . Per i prezzi delle azioni trattate sull'Aim ....

Guida per azionario Italia....

DERIVATI DI BORSA Futures su FTSE Mib.......... Mini FTSE Mib................. Guida a futures e opzioni.... Guida a opzioni.............. ** BORSE EUROPEE ** Commento su titoli europei ...... Commento in italiano su borse europee Speed guide borse europee......... Indici pan europei ............. Dati analitici paneuropei........ Indice FTSEurofirst 300.......... Indice Stoxx..................... Indice Eurostoxx................. Maggiori rialzi/ribassi settori Stoxx ........ Maggiori rialzi/ribassi settori Eurostoxx..... 10 maggiori rialzi/ribassi titoli Stoxx....... 10 maggiori rialzi/ribassi titoli Euro Stoxx.. 25 maggiori rialzi europei......... 25 maggiori ribassi europei........ 25 titoli più attivi in valore .... Guida a informazioni Reuters ...... Guida a azionario ................. Chain degli indici italiani........

Fase di lateralizzazione tendenza scivolare verso il basso

Attenzione su valute petrolio rimbalza

Banche che continuano a beneficiare Mps bvenete carige

temi grossi

Fcha un altro scende un altro sale

~_~

Protesters demonstrate against Benjamin Netanyahu's decision to go back on an agreement giving secular Jews equal prayer space to Orthodox worshipers at Jerusalem's Western Wall. Their placards, using the nickname for the Israeli prime minister, carried messages like 'Bibi, do not divide the Jewish People' and 'Bibi, I'm also a Jew.' July 1, 2017. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun

Benjamin Netanyahu has miscalculated. In the nine days since the Israeli prime minister reneged on a decision that would have allowed men and women to pray together at Jerusalem’s holy Western Wall, the outrage among American Jews is only getting worse.

The carefully-crafted agreement, adopted by Netanyahu’s cabinet in January 2016 with input from Israeli and American leaders of the Reform and Conservative Jewish movements, would have created a third area at the Wall where both men and women could pray together. In spiking the deal, and thereby keeping the genders separated, with the lion’s share of the wall reserved for men, Netanyahu has caved to pressure from the increasingly strident ultra-Orthodox partners in his governing coalition. But the prime minister’s pandering to minority hardliners has caused an unprecedented uproar among the Diaspora Jews whose political and financial support is crucial to Israel.

“Enough is enough,” wrote Isaac Fisher, a board member of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), in a pained letter to senior Israeli officials. “The time has come for the Israeli government to understand that its public includes all the people of Israel.”

Fisher, a real estate magnate and philanthropist, has asked for the return of the $1 million he invested in Israeli bonds last month and announced that he is suspending fundraising activities for Israel over what he described as Netanyahu’s “serious act of contempt” for the rabbis and leaders of U.S. communities. “Netanyahu and the ultra-Orthodox say, ‘You don’t matter. They say to our women, ‘Your Judaism isn’t Judaism’,” Fisher told the newspaper Yediot Ahronot. “We have an obligation to put an end to it.”

Jewish Canadian Charles Bronfman, a billionaire and major donor to North American Jewish causes, wrote to Netanyahu that he did not know of any other country that “denies any Jew based on denomination.” AIPAC, a powerful pro-Israel lobbying group, was so concerned that it sent an emergency delegation to meet with Netanyahu over the Fourth of July weekend.

At present, the Wall, once part of the ancient temple of Jerusalem, divides men from women75 percent of the space and access to more than 100 Torah scrolls reserved exclusively for men. The remaining quarter, with no scrolls, is assigned to women. Non-Orthodox Jews do not separate men and women for prayer in synagogue, but they are not allowed to pray together at the Wall except in a third section, below ground level, that is not fully excavated and invisible from the main plaza. The agreement would have given them equal space for their prayers – a principle supported by nearly two-thirds of Israelis.

Friction over how women pray at the Wall, known in Hebrew as the Kotel, has been increasing for years. In 2013, Israel police detained 10 women from Women of the Wall, a group that has been protesting gender restrictions since 1988, for praying out loud and wearing prayer shawls traditionally used by men.

The current crisis, however, takes place against a backdrop of growing ultra-Orthodox extremism and the secular majority’s dwindling patience for their demands. Orthodox political parties are incensed about a conscription law drafting young ultra-Orthodox men as part of Israel’s mandatory military service; secular Israelis resent the preferential tax treatment and state sponsorship of religious institutions that the ultra-Orthodox enjoy.

Orthodox political leaders have recently adopted more confrontational rhetoric. On July 3 Shas leader Aryeh Dery, one of the ministers who forced Netanyahu’s hand, absurdly claimed the Reform movement intends to convert thousands of African asylum-seekers (he called them “infiltrators”) to Judaism, so they could become Israeli citizens. The next day, the baseless xenophobic claim was parroted by Minister of Education Naftali Bennett, who heads the Jewish Home party.

The Israeli public is alert to the consequences of Netanyahu’s rebuff of their international supporters. The hosts of Vilensky and Bardugo, a popular afternoon drive-time radio news show, said the prime minister’s “surrender to the ultra-Orthodox… signifies a loss of Israel’s number one strategic interest, American Jews.”

A July 4th editorial in Haaretz noted the key political role played by U.S. Jews: “They push Israeli causes in the White House, lobby for budgets on Capitol Hill … defend Israel’s good name in the media, fight our wars, lock horns with our enemies and stand by our side even when they don’t agree with it.”

Another commentator, National Jewish Book Award winner Daniel Gordis, thinks that American Jews should force “a coalition crisis” for the Netanyahu government.

“Netanyahu, his party and anyone in his coalition must become toxic,” Gordis, an American-born Orthodox Jew who lives in Israel writes. “No meetings with American Jews, not in Israel and not in the U.S. Delegations that would normally meet with him should stop. Israel’s consuls-general in the US should be shunned and disinvited.”

Netanyahu seems impervious to the scale of the rage he has precipitated. After heaping praise on President Trump at the United States embassy’s Fourth of July party, he said, "I am committed to making every Jew feel at home in Israel, including at the Kotel. All we need is patience and perseverance." He offered no details as to how he would reconcile the tension between keeping his coalition partners happy without alienating his mainstream supporters.

~_~

Federal Reserve Board Chairwoman Janet Yellen speaks during a news conference after the Fed releases its monetary policy decisions in Washington, U.S., June 14, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts

LONDON The fright factor in sequels is often less acute than in original features.

In May 2013, emerging markets recoiled in horror as the U.S. Federal Reserve signalled it was time to stop pumping them full of new cash, bearing the brunt of a "Taper Tantrum" that rippled around the globe.

As other major central banks look to follow suit four years on, "Taper Tantrum II" is unlikely to pack the same shock value - at least not for developing economies jarred by the original.

Compared to May 2013, emerging market currencies are significantly lower, borrowing rate premiums wider and overall asset valuations less frothy. With current account deficits more manageable, emerging economies are also less vulnerable to global shocks or sudden reversal of capital flows.

Their debt levels have risen. The Institute of International Finance shows emerging economies have ramped up an extra $3 trillion of borrowing over the past year alone to a $56 trillion total while debt in mature markets had receded.

But developing world exposure to non-dollar debt is much smaller and the actions of the European Central Bank or Bank of Japan are unlikely to match the impact of the Fed - whose policy trajectory remains the biggest threat but where gradual tightening has been under way for years.

Data from the Bank for International Settlements shows that dollar credit to non-financial customers in emerging markets was $3.6 trillion last year, about a third of total dollar credit outside the United States.

The euro- and yen-denominated equivalents were just 600 billion euros and 16 trillion yen ($143 billion), respectively.

TAKE TWO ...

That's not to say emerging markets are completely insulated. If last week does prove to be a game changer, a tightening of central bank largesse across the world tends to lift U.S. Treasury yields regardless of any change of Fed thinking.

Many of the world's top central bankers last week at the European Central Bank's annual forum in the Portuguese town of Sintra indicated that the post-crisis era of zero interest rates and powerful quantitative easing stimulus was drawing to an end.

Analysts at Deutsche Bank dubbed it the "Sintra Pact".

Coordinated or not, the ECB, Bank of England, Bank of Canada and even Bank of Japan are, to varying degrees, talking along the same lines and looking to take their feet off the stimulus pedal.

In response, long-term borrowing rates in the four major reserve currencies jumped suddenly, with yields in German Bunds, British gilts, U.S. Treasuries and Japanese government bonds all recording some of their biggest weekly rises of 2017.

But the original "Taper Tantrum" hit emerging markets so hard because their heavy reliance on dollar borrowing left them as, or even more, vulnerable to an outsize surge in the dollar exchange rate as any rise in borrowing rates themselves. Between early 2013 and the time of the first Fed rate hike in December 2015, the dollar index soared 25 percent.

Emerging stocks fell 15 percent in less than a month and by early 2016 they had lost around a third of their value.

JP Morgan's emerging market EMBI bond index fell 10 percent between May and September 2013. The EMBI sovereign yield spread widened almost 100 basis points in barely a month to 366 bps from 270 basis points.

But if it's now a case of the ECB or BOJ catching up, the singular dollar surge is less likely and that dollar dampening effect should cushion the impact on emerging markets too.

What's more, developing markets appear less stretched.

Stocks have rallied strongly in the past 18 months but remain below highs of 2015, 2014 and 2011 and well short of the records of 2007. That contrasts with the all-time records Wall Street has been grinding out all year.

And while developed market bond yields popped higher last week in response to signals from Sintra, the EMBI yield spread actually narrowed slightly and EM stocks barely budged.

'Taper Tantrum II' may yet become uncomfortable viewing for emerging markets, but it won't be the video nasty of four years ago.

(Reporting by Jamie McGeever; editing by John Stonestreet)

~_~

London’s Grenfell Tower fire victims aren’t furious just with local authorities for ignoring safety concerns raised before this month’s blaze killed at least 79 residents. They’re angry with journalists too.

As reporters covered the fire at the apartment block last week, some residents turned on Jon Snow of Channel Four News, the most senior of Britain’s news presenters, and accused journalists of being vultures attracted to death and tragedy. “You didn’t come here when people were telling you that the building was unsafe!” one man told Snow. “That is not newsworthy. You come here when people die. Why?”

The Grenfell residents are hardly alone in accusing the media of not serving their needs. It’s no secret that trust in the media has declined. But the latest Reuters Institute Digital News Report, published this week, provides sobering insights into how the digital revolution has disrupted the way we gather the information we believe we need to orient ourselves in the world, or in our neighborhood.

READ MORE: How to stop Kim Jong Un using his nukes

The report shows that trust in the media varies from country to country, from over 60 percent in the Scandinavian countries to the low 20s in Greece and South Korea.

In the United States, trust in the media has risen from 33 percent during last year’s election campaign to 38 percent this year.

That may be because, as the Reuters report notes, “concern about the spread of false news online” increased the perception of the value of professional journalism.

Most sobering is the report’s comment that “the economic outlook for most media companies remains extremely difficult.” That statement that doesn’t include the communications giants like Twitter, Facebook and Google, the latter two of which garner more than 80 percent of the advertising that used to go to traditional media.

But two issues are likely larger. One is what Janine Gibson, the chief editor of Buzzfeed UK, calls “representation without judgment.” Speaking at a seminar in London this week, Gibson said that the digital and social media world implicitly equates what news organizations spend time and money verifying, with “the guy in an attic” who puts out a piece of opinion masquerading as news, without having had to exercise his judgment on the veracity of his narrative.

READ MORE: Mosul’s fall won’t stop Islamic State spreading fear

The latter, said Gibson, “is of course much quicker than the news which checks, because checking takes time.” The result, too, can be duller. The more careful is the reporter, the more complex becomes the story. But the guy in the attic can be simple, dramatic – and attract the eyeballs.

At an extreme, the attic-writer is putting out “fake news” - a commodity popularized by President Trump, who seems to see all news which does not praise him as “fake.” Fake news may have won Trump the presidency. Even if not, his use of it gives credence to a tendency to distrust news we don’t like.

It’s also becoming clearer that measurements of “trust” in the news media don’t really measure trust in the news media. They measure pleasure gained from the media. The Digital News Report says that there exists “a strong connection between trust in the media and perceived political bias.” That is, people trust the reports which flatter and further their views.

This isn’t new: people have chosen publications which line up with their political choices throughout the history of news. But for most of that history, those who consumed journalism did so passively. There was no comeback, except through a letter to the editor (probably unpublished) or a cancelled subscription.

READ MORE: Macron shows his true colours

Now readers are empowered by technology, often aggressive in their distrust and disgust, to intervene in stories. James Harding, director of news at the BBC, speaking at the same event as Buzzfeed’s Gibson, said that “we at the BBC are very careful to make clear what we don’t know as well as what we know. But people now can fill the space of ’don’t know’ themselves”.

We still live in the first phase of a revolution, not just of journalism but also in the ways in which we seek and use information, and in what we place our trust. As printing disrupted the late medieval world, so the replacement of print by digits has disrupted the 21st century. It is presently calling into question the nature of truth, and the trust we can place in it.

Truth is hard to get right, especially at times of tragedies like that at Grenfell Tower. Finding and publishing it won’t always avoid anger directed at the messenger, but journalists need to show they are truth seekers rather than vultures feeding on tragedy.

That will give substance to journalism's necessary democratic role – and perhaps answer the “why” asked by the man who confronted Jon Snow.

~_~

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un smiles as he guides a test fire of a new multiple launch rocket system in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang March 4, 2016. REUTERS/KCNA/File Photo

Donald Trump and his South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in must face North Korea’s nuclear reality: Pyongyang’s bomb is here to stay. When the two presidents hold their first summit on Friday, they need to drop quixotic efforts to stop Kim Jong Un from building a nuclear arsenal and instead focus on preventing its use.

Trump must accept the evidence that sanctions and military shows of force do not move the North. Moon must accept that a “sunshine” policy of economic and political outreach will not coax Pyongyang from its nuclear tether as long as Kim Jong Un equates the arsenal with survival.

Washington also should take military action off the table unless the crisis is so acute that no other option remains. North Korea has advanced its nuclear program too far and concealed too much to allow Israeli-style air strikes like those that eliminated the Iraqi and Syrian nuclear reactors in 1981 and 2007. The mayhem that would result from any U.S. military invasion to find and destroy Pyongyang’s bombs would envelop most of the Korean peninsula and could leave in its wake hundreds of thousands of dead South Koreans.

Fortunately, the history of the nuclear age suggests an alternative. Containment.

Containment is hard work. To succeed, it needs three elements.

One is deterrence. When tensions rose between nuclear powers like the United States and the Soviet Union or India and Pakistan, the risk of nuclear armageddon proved to be an overwhelming impediment to pushing the button. The lesson for the Korean peninsula is that the United States should return to South Korea the nuclear weapons Washington withdrew in 1991, but if that’s implausible politically, declare a firm policy - backed by dedicated offshore nuclear forces - that the United States will eliminate the North if it uses nukes or makes a serious nuclear threat.

The second is adopting Cold War-era confidence building measures to further reduce the risk of war.

The measures could take the form of adding the United States to a resurrected North-South hotline - permitting instant communication between the Koreas and Washington. U.S. and North Korean liaison offices in Washington and Pyongyang would be even better. Verifiable reductions of troops and heavy weapons on both sides of the border would reduce concerns about surprise attack, as would reductions of large U.S.-South Korean military exercises and North Korea military displays. The list can go in many directions. The United States could begin the exploratory process of tapping Pyongyang’s interest through China or other third parties.

The third is crisis management. It is hard to determine whether a North Korea with the bomb will be more or less prone to initiate incidents like the sinking of a South Korean navy ship to embarrass or intimidate Seoul. In the event a spark sets off serious tensions, it will be critical to stop escalation. Unlike the Cuban missile and 1969 Sino-Soviet cases, when surprise forced the adversaries to scramble for a plan, a crisis on the Korean peninsula should not be unexpected. No doubt Washington and Seoul have military plans in place to respond. But judging from past nuclear crises, the United States may be less prepared diplomatically.

Here again Washington can draw lessons from the past.

If a crisis appears to be moving out of control, Washington must have a mediator ready to go. The value of U.S. mediation in the Indo-Pakistan crises proved invaluable. When it comes to Kim Jong Un, Washington should consult with Beijing about preparations for China to serve as an intermediary if necessary.

Second, Trump and Moon could use private parties as conduits to float possible solutions. During the Cuban missile crisis, the Soviets used a U.S. businessman visiting Moscow and an ABC network correspondent in Washington as back channels. President Kennedy turned to his brother Robert to press Soviet Ambassador Anatoly Dobrynin.

In the case of Pyongyang, the United States could enlist former U.S. officials experienced in Track II diplomacy or even unofficially “allow” someone like a former president - as Bill Clinton did with Jimmy Carter during the 1994 Yongbyon nuclear reactor crisis - to reach out to their own North Korean contacts.

Third, send a very senior official to the capital of the opponent to seek resolution. That’s what the Kremlin did in 1969 when it sent Premier Alexei Kosygin to Beijing in a last-ditch attempt to head off a possible Sino-Soviet confrontation. It worked.

The belief we can make nuclear North Korea go away is a mirage. The time for planning to live with it is upon us. Let’s get on with the task.

~_~

Smoke billows from the ruined Grand al-Nuri Mosque after it was retaken by the Iraqi forces at the Old City in Mosul, Iraq June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro

Iraqi officials have declared that Islamic State’s caliphate is finished. On June 29, after months of urban warfare and U.S. air strikes, Iraqi forces say they are on the verge of expelling the militants from their last holdouts in Mosul. “Their fictitious state has fallen,” an Iraqi general told state TV after troops captured a symbolically important mosque in Mosul’s old city. In Syria, U.S.-backed rebels are moving quickly through the eastern city of Raqqa, another capital of the self-proclaimed caliphate.

With the imminent fall of the last two urban centers under Islamic State’s control in Syria and Iraq, the group has now lost much of its territory. On June 21, the militants destroyed the historic Grand Mosque of al-Nuri, where three years ago, as Islamic State swept across northern Iraq, the group’s leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, declared a caliphate at Friday prayers.

The ruined mosque’s capture by Iraqi forces marks the most public symbol of the caliphate’s fall, but it does not mean the end of Islamic State or its reign of violence. The severe loss of territory in Syria and Iraq means that routes for foreign jihadists to reach the self-declared caliphate have contracted. But the group still has the capability to attract recruits, secure weapons, raise funds through theft and extortion, and dispatch sympathizers to carry out attacks abroad. As it gets weaker on the ground, Islamic State has less to lose by unleashing attacks outside of Syria and Iraq.

In recent months, the jihadist group has quickly claimed responsibility for a spate of attacks on civilians in Europe, especially in Britain and France. On March 22, a driver mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in London, killing five people before being shot by security forces as he tried to break into Parliament. Two months later, a suicide bomber killed 22 in an attack on a concert arena in Manchester. And on June 3, three assailants sped across London Bridge in a white van, ramming into pedestrians. They then emerged from the van with hunting knives and began stabbing people in nearby Borough Market. The attackers killed eight people and wounded dozens before police shot them.

Islamic State has already adjusted to the imminent loss of its physical caliphate in Syria and Iraq, and to the potential loss of its top leaders. In mid-June, Russian officials said they believed that they had killed Baghdadi in an airstrike that targeted a gathering of senior jihadists outside Raqqa. The claim has not been confirmed, and Baghdadi was erroneously reported killed in the past. But continued fighting and new attacks underscore that the group must have contingency plans in place to deal with the loss of its senior leadership.

Indeed, it’s clear that Islamic State is already adopting the methods of a “leaderless jihad,” a strategy that al Qaeda tried to use with less success. For more than a year, Islamic State has inspired “lone wolf” attackers to act in its name, especially in the West. These radicalized individuals are heeding the call of Islamic State leaders to use whatever methods they have at their disposal - trucks, cars, knives and axes - to carry out attacks that amplify the group’s reach. While Islamic State has organized assaults that required months of training and planning - such as the coordinated November 2015 attacks in central Paris, which killed 130 people - it has moved steadily toward inspiring loosely coordinated and sometimes haphazard attacks by self-radicalized perpetrators.

These attacks allow Islamic State’s leaders to create an illusion of strength to make up for their battlefield losses. They also signal that the group would revert to its roots as a jihadist insurgency, bent on large and small-scale attacks that instill fear but do little to help the militants keep control of territory in Syria and Iraq.

That’s not to say the loss of territory hasn’t weakened the group and caused some of its operations to fail. On June 19, a 31-year-old man rammed into a French police van on the Champs-Elysees in Paris with an improvised car bomb. The explosives failed to denote and the assailant was killed. A day later, a Moroccan national tried unsuccessfully to set off a suitcase bomb packed with nails and gas canisters inside the central train station in Brussels. Security forces killed the man.

During the Muslim holy month of Ramadan in 2016, Islamic State urged its sympathizers to carry out a spate of bombings, mass shootings and stabbings across Europe, the Middle East and Asia. While the group called for a similar campaign during Ramadan this year, which ended on June 25, there were far fewer successful attacks.

Despite the amateurish nature of some recent attempts, cadres of militants who trained and fought with Islamic State in Iraq and Syria have returned to Europe and are now able to train and radicalize others. “Several dozen people directed by [Islamic State] may be currently present in Europe with a capability to commit terrorist attacks,” the European Union’s law enforcement agency, Europol, warned in a report released in December. It added that the group “has proven to be very effective in inspiring people to commit terrorist acts and in setting attacks in motion themselves.”

Islamic State’s leaders realize that they are losing their “capitals” in Mosul and Raqqa. That means the group has squandered the caliphate that distinguished it from other jihadist movements, and helped it dominate headlines and attract new recruits. By relying on lone wolf attacks by individuals who are self-radicalized – and, in some cases, are mentally unstable – Islamic State is able to project a greater reach than it actually has. And it can continue to spread fear, even as its caliphate crumbles.

~_~

LONDON As far as financial markets are concerned, especially equities, the first half of the year has witnessed the curious phenomenon of reflation without the inflation.

Markets continue to defy gravity thanks to nearly a decade of unprecedented central bank stimulus, but economic recovery and record low unemployment across the developed world have failed to ignite traditional consumer price inflation.

The lack of earnings growth is central to this phenomenon. Yet again, wages is the dog that didn't bark in the first half of the year and there's little to suggest it will bare its teeth in the second half.

A decade on from the onset of the crisis, however, the world's top central banks are suddenly speaking with one voice, telling markets that record low interest rates and crisis-fighting stimulus measures will soon be unwound.

But if anything is going to give them pause for thought - and keep the global market rally going - it's subdued wage growth. There may be good reasons for tighter policy, but inflation isn't one of them.

Inflationary pressures are easing even though unemployment is falling, a combination that is at odds with history and conventional economic theory. The Phillips Curve suggests wages should rise as the labour market tightens, but the euro zone Philips curve has been largely flat since 2011.

The Bank of England aside, central banks are failing to meet their inflation targets. The Fed recently cut its inflation forecast to 1.7 percent this year from 1.9 percent, and the European Central Bank sees inflation at only 1.6 percent out to 2019.

Wage growth across the developed world is weak. It's only 2.5 percent in the United States and 2.1 percent in Britain. Thanks to the rise in UK inflation following the Brexit-driven plunge in sterling, real wages in Britain are falling.

There are many reasons for this: rapid advances in technology, automation, globalisation, falling trade union membership, demographic changes and fragmented labour markets thanks to more part-time, freelance and temporary work.

The growing consensus among central bankers now appears to be that monetary policy is powerless to influence any of that, so why persist with super-accomodative policy that will likely fail to achieve their goals and potentially create a host of problems down the road?

UNDER PRESSURE

Much to policymakers' relief, the snails' pace of wage growth post-2009 has been offset by the rise in household wealth thanks to booming financial markets and higher house prices.

In the United States, household net wealth has soared by $40 trillion since the beginning of the expansion in 2009 to $95 trillion from $55 trillion. It is up $11 trillion in just the last two years.

So while wages may be stagnant, healthier household balance sheets should provide continued support for growth and stocks, particularly if the global tightening trend being laid out by central bankers comes to pass.

But market watchers can be forgiven for retaining a healthy dose of skepticism around central banks' intentions. They've been here several times before in the last 10 years, and each time they have erred on the side of caution.

According to economists at HSBC, the absence of wage pressures means the ECB will only scale back its asset purchases "gradually" throughout next year and the Fed will raise rates only once next year compared to the Fed's indicated three hikes.

Euro zone inflation won't reach 2 percent without a "meaningful" pick up in wage growth, particularly in Germany, they reckon.

Analysts at Rabobank agree. The ECB may be forced to begin unwinding its asset purchase program because of "technical factors" but the slow recovery in wages and core inflation means there will be no rate hike next year.

(Reporting by Jamie McGeever; Editing by Toby Chopra)

~_~

Pound coins are seen in front of displayed stock graph in this picture illustration taken June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration

LONDON Only a year after throwing caution to the wind to shore up the UK economy following the shock Brexit referendum result, the Bank of England is in a bind.

At the centre of the problem is the exchange rate. Sterling's plunge since the Brexit vote is fueling the highest inflation in four years. But that very inflation is eroding earnings, squeezing consumers and hampering growth.

If the Bank keeps policy loose to ride out the economic slowdown, it risks triggering another slide in sterling and subsequent jump in inflation.

If on the other hand it tightens to curb inflation, it risks hitting consumers and homeowners where it hurts.

Or maybe there's a third way. The Bank's Financial Policy Committee on Tuesday raised capital requirements for UK banks to tackle the growing risk of lax lending, forcing them to set aside an extra 11.4 billion pounds. This could be increased in November, the Bank said.

"Consumer credit has been growing much faster than household incomes," the BoE said, adding that there were "pockets of risks that warrant vigilance."

The consumer also figures prominently in the sudden shift of sentiment on the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee that has made an interest rate hike more likely than at any time in a decade.

Annual inflation is 2.9 percent, well above the Bank's 2 percent target and unnerving a growing number of policymakers that it could spiral out of control. Economists at Nomura even think the BoE will raise rates at its next meeting in August.

But where are these inflationary pressures coming from?

Wage growth has for years undershot the Bank's expectations and the economy is slowing as Brexit gets underway. The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development reckons the UK economy will grow 1 percent next year, the lowest growth of all 32 countries in its global outlook bar one.

If the OECD is right, Britain will be the only one of these 32 countries to post slowing growth over the four years 2014-2018.

Few observers see strong domestic inflation pressures.

SOLE DRIVER

Although the world economy is in its rudest health for six years, global inflation is low too. The global price of oil has fallen 20 percent in the last two months to around $45 a barrel.

If oil prices stay where they are, some measures of headline U.S. and euro zone consumer price inflation will likely be below 1 percent early next year, predict economists at Citi.

Ultimately, the Bank of England's inflation worries come down to one thing: sterling.

The narrow 5-3 vote to keep rates on hold at the last MPC meeting and chief economist Andy Haldane's Damascene conversion last week to consider voting for higher rates show that the exchange rate is the key variable in setting policy.

Haldane estimated that the currency's 3 percent fall since the Bank's May Inflation Report would mechanically add around 0.2 percentage points to growth and inflation over the next two to three years.

The BoE doesn't specifically target the exchange rate, and policymakers do their best to avoid commenting on it publicly. But while they'd never say it, the last thing they want is another wave of depreciation that will lift the cost of imports and inflation even higher.

For example, a slide to $1.20 in the coming months from $1.27 currently isn't a far-fetched scenario. It would represent a fall of nearly 6 percent, adding a further 0.4 percentage points to inflation over the coming years, by Haldane's metrics.

The British public's longer-term inflation expectations for the next five to 10 years rose to 3.1 percent in June from 3.0 percent in May, Citi said last week. That's close to February's peak of 3.2 percent. Another sterling slide would probably result in a new high.

The Bank refrained from raising rates when inflation hit 5 percent in 2011, when the post-crisis recovery was fragile and in its infancy. Now, the global economy and banking system is in better shape, so a policy response to inflation is more likely.

The BoE's problem is exacerbated by the yield curve. Yields are falling and the curve is its flattest since October. With stock markets rising - the FTSE 100 hit a record high this month - financial conditions are easing, not tightening.

A stable or higher exchange rate will help offset that and bring inflation back to target. So policymakers will be quietly happy that since the MPC's 5-3 vote split on June 15, sterling has been well behaved in a fairly narrow range of $1.26-$1.28.

(Reporting by Jamie McGeever; Editing by Hugh Lawson)

~_~

Donald Trump asked Senate Republicans to introduce a healthcare bill with “more heart.” They didn’t.

The senators’ draft legislation, introduced last Thursday, will strip tens of millions of low-income and middle-class Americans of their health insurance. Millions more will face higher costs for lower coverage. The Congressional Budget office estimates 22 million more people will be uninsured by 2026 than would be if the Affordable Care Act remained law.

The Senate bill will cut the number of people eligible for subsidies that reduce monthly premiums and lower out-of-pocket costs for insurance bought on the Affordable Care Act health exchanges. It will defund Planned Parenthood for one year, which is an important source of preventive and primary care services for millions of low-income women and women of color. It strikes at the heart of healthcare services for the poor by ending Medicaid expansion in 2021 and changing the way states receive federal funding - another measure that will cause cuts in the program.

These cuts will be on top of the $600 billion that the president’s budget seeks to eliminate from the program over the next 10 years.

During his election campaign, Trump’s outreach to black voters effectively comprised the question “What do you have to lose?” That answer has become clear.

The president’s effort to repeal Obamacare, coupled with rollbacks in civil-rights enforcement and massive cuts to safety net programs, are moving the country backward. The Senate health bill is the latest in a string of efforts to dismantle programs and policies that benefit all Americans, and are especially critical in closing racial disparities in health, income, education, housing and policing.

The administration’s effort to do away with the Affordable Care Act is at the top of the list of actions that will hit people of color hardest. Although every racial and ethnic group benefited from greater access to insurance, the reduction in the uninsured rate for African Americans, Native Americans and Latinos, was near double that experienced by whites in the first year the law took effect. Much of this improvement was because of Medicaid expansion under the Obama program.

The attack on Medicaid is especially concerning given its role in providing rural and urban children and families with access to healthcare. Medicaid covers one in five Americans, including poor adults, seniors and people with disabilities. Half of all births nationwide are covered by the program.

Beyond the assault on healthcare programs, the president’s budget will cut taxes for the wealthy and increase defense spending by $54 billion while slashing programs that provide help to low-income individuals, families and communities. It will cut billions of dollars from food and nutrition, housing, and community development programs that poor families and communities rely on to meet basic living needs.

The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program provides food stamps to help working families meet their nutritional needs. Funding for the program will be reduced by more than 25 percent, or $193 billion, over 10 years. The Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, which provides federal funding for state-based income support and work programs for poor families, would be cut by $22 billion during the same period. And the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s budget will be slashed by nearly 15 percent or $7.4 billion. At a time the nation faces an affordable housing crisis, funding for homeless programs, direct rental assistance and home-buying programs are being drastically reduced.

If Trump has his way, other programs, such as the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program that helps pay for heat and electricity, and the Community Development Block Grant program that helps revitalize economically depressed neighborhoods will be eliminated.

The environmental justice program within the Environmental Protection Agency is also slated to be shut down. Low-income communities are more likely to have poorer air and water quality and have historically been targeted for dumping of toxic pollutants. Environmental justice initiatives have been key in remedying this imbalance. The Flint water crisis was an unfortunate reminder that our communities remain vulnerable to high levels of lead and other environmental inequities that have lasting impact on health.

The closing of the environmental justice office at EPA is part of the Trump administration’s broad strategy to reduce civil rights enforcement by federal agencies. The office of civil rights within the Education Department is also targeted for cuts and a similar office in the Labor Department will be eliminated.

Then there are the efforts to roll back Obama-era criminal justice reforms. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has called for harsher sentences for low-level drug offenders - again a measure that will disproportionately affect racial minorities. Blacks and Hispanics are more likely to be charged and to receive longer sentences than whites for similar crimes regardless of prior criminal history or severity of the crime. Despite similar rates of drug use, blacks are 10 times more likely to be incarcerated for drug use compared to whites. Sessions has also signaled that his Justice Department will not enforce consent decree agreements that have played a key role in holding police departments accountable for civil rights abuses – another area in which minority communities have been disproportionately singled out.

These policies are chipping away at the nation’s health and sustainability. The U.S. will be a minority-majority nation in a few decades. It is not in our national interest to marginalize Americans of color.

~_~

The headquarters of the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) are seen in Basel, Switzerland, December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann

The corner stone of The New York Federal Reserve Bank is seen in New York's financial district March 25, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

LONDON If central banks have learned anything from the Great Financial Crisis, the worst since the 1930s, it is that you don't need runaway inflation to raise interest rates. Financial market bubbles should be enough.

The Bank for International Settlements, often considered the central bank to the world's central banks, warned on Sunday that policymakers should press ahead with the "great unwinding" of post-crisis stimulus, even if "some short-term bumps in the road" are inevitable.

Inflation shouldn't be the "be all and end all" of monetary policy, according to BIS head of research Hyun Shin. Instead, "a bit more emphasis" should be put on financial developments such as the rise in credit growth and the potential economic costs of bubbles bursting.

Shin and his colleagues should be listened to. The BIS was one of the few institutions warning that the credit bubble being inflated by the Alan Greenspan Fed's super-lax policy in the mid-2000s would burst with disastrous consequences.

But even after the financial crisis plunged the world into recession and scarily close to another Great Depression, inflation is still the "be all and end all" for central banks across the developed world. Parallels between now and then are emerging.

Inflation in the industrialised world is now broadly where it was a decade ago: extremely well contained and below most central banks' 2 percent target. Against a backdrop of anemic wage growth and oil slumping 20 percent in the last two months, there's little sign of it accelerating any time soon.

In that light, the subtle but notable shift among major central banks recently towards policy "normalisation" is unwarranted. But while inflation poses no threat, the same cannot be said with any surety about financial markets.

The warning signs are there: world stocks are the highest on record, volatility is the lowest in decades, and in credit, emerging market and high yield spreads are the narrowest in years. Despite the Fed raising rates, U.S. financial conditions are the easiest in over two years, according to Goldman Sachs.

Credit growth and global debt are now higher than they were before the crisis. Bubbles are forming in equity and other markets, inflated by global central bank stimulus which is still running at nearly $200 billion a month.

Reflecting investors' hunt for yield, Argentina last week issued a 100-year bond at a yield of less than 8 percent. Argentina has defaulted at least eight times since gaining independence in 1816 and has been in a state of default more than half of all days since 1980. Yet investors snapped it up.

As Citi's Matt King notes, markets remain "in thrall to central banks".

GRIN AND BEAR IT

This is why tighter policy globally could be potentially seismic for markets. Investors have grown fat and happy on more than two decades of policymakers targeting inflation at 2 percent and offering the implicit insurance policy of the central bank "put".

That's the belief that central banks will do whatever it takes to avoid the financial and economic damage a crash would unleash. Essentially that means maintaining a loose monetary policy and the flow of liquidity into financial assets.

Last week Bill Dudley, president of the New York Fed, and Andy Haldane, chief economist at the Bank of England, jolted markets by signaling their readiness to raise rates.

The Fed has already raised rates four times and is about to reduce its balance sheet, and the European Central Bank and Bank of Canada to varying degrees have made it clear that the post-crisis stimulus should soon be gradually withdrawn.

The arguments against using monetary policy to curb financial market excesses are well-known, powerful, and held by most of the world's central banking elite over the past quarter century.

It's too blunt a tool, the concept of financial stability is too vague, it's impossible to accurately identify asset bubbles, the economic and financial fallout from pricking these bubbles is unknowable at best and catastrophic at worst.

Ultimately it's not the business of central banks to be micro-managing markets. It's not their remit.

Central bankers including Greenspan, Ben Bernanke, Mervyn King, Lars Svensson and Jens Weidmann have argued that monetary authorities should resist leaning against the wind and trying to control or even prevent incipient financial booms.

But in recent years the Fed has acknowledged the risks posed by ultra-low volatility and increased risk-taking. In 2014 Janet Yellen said high yield, or "junk" bonds were on the Fed's radar, warning that a sharp unwind of risk-taking behaviour in general would be something to avoid.

A major shakeout in U.S. high yield bonds followed and yields jumped to 10 percent in early 2016. But they're now back to historic lows around 5.5 percent, the recovery coinciding almost exactly with the most gradual Fed tightening cycle in history.

This shows that higher rates are failing to quell animal spirits. On this issue, Shin at the BIS and perma-bear Albert Edwards at Societe Generale agree that the longer bubbles are left to inflate, the greater the disaster when they pop.

Edwards points out the irony in trying to reflate the economy through ultra-loose policy because bursting bubbles will take down the economy and probably deliver the very deflation policymakers were seeking to avoid in the first place.

"Even after the (Great Financial Crisis) they simply have not learnt that loose money polices to blow asset price bubbles is a catastrophic policy destined to end in failure," Edwards warns.

The views expressed in this article are not those of Reuters News.

(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)

~_~

Otto Warmbier was the quintessential American college student. He faced a promising future and was keen to broaden his view of the world. It was likely that sense of adventure that convinced him to join a tour group traveling from China to North Korea - a country few outsiders understand.

Unfortunately, it did not take long for Warmbier to discover that North Korea was a pot of misery and inhumanity. In January 2016, North Korean authorities arrested Warmbier at Pyongyang airport for stealing a propaganda poster from a hotel. Two months later, he was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for acts against the state. Fifteen months after that sentencing, Warmbier was flown back to the United States in a vegetative state. He died a few days later.

The brutal mistreatment of a 22-year-old American in North Korea’s custody has shocked the country, with President Donald Trump describing Warmbier’s incarceration and likely torture as "a total disgrace” that "should never ever be allowed to happen.”

There is no question that the Trump administration will need to respond in some formal way to Warmbier’s untimely death, and there has been no shortage of pundits and experts recommending tough action against Pyongyang. Suggestions include everything from unilaterally slapping secondary sanctions on Chinese firms that do business with the North Korean government to cutting off any possibility of talks in the future. The editors at the National Review even recommended a U.S.-led campaign to kick North Korea out of the United Nations, a bid that would be an international humiliation to leader Kim Jong-un if successful.

The problem with North Korea, however, is that we are not talking about a normal state operating under normal protocols. Its political leadership does not respect the normal moral value of right and wrong. This is exactly why the Trump administration must tread cautiously before doing anything that could turn a heartbreaking loss into a regional cataclysm.

Incremental, but effective, measures against Pyongyang in retaliation for Warmbier’s suspicious death would send a stark warning to Kim that his regime will be held accountable. But just as importantly, it would stop shy of goading the North Koreans into reacting in a violent or irrational way.

There are several policies that the Trump administration should and must implement. The most obvious recommendation - and one that senior lawmakers are already leaning towards - is Trump prohibiting U.S. citizens from traveling to North Korea as tourists. Although the U.S. State Department has repeatedly warned Americans not to travel to North Korea, that travel warning does not carry any legal weight. Former basketball star Dennis Rodman was, in fact, just arriving in North Korea for a visit when Warmbier was released.

The White House can take the State Department’s optional bulletin and transform it into a mandatory edict. Trump can do this either by issuing his own executive action or by publicly supporting a bipartisan bill in the House of Representatives that would ban the Treasury Department from issuing a license related to tourism to any individual or entity subject to U.S. jurisdiction.

Pyongyang must understand that it will no longer be able to profit from several hundred Americans visiting North Korea every year as long as the regime continues to arbitrarily arrest and prosecute U.S. citizens. In addition, the three Americans currently detained in North must be transferred immediately into U.S. custody.

Another option for the White House is an expansion of sanctions against any firm, individual, entity, financial institution, or government that accepts North Korean workers onto their territories. In February 2017, the U.N. Security Council’s Panel of Experts on North Korea reported that the Kim regime "earns money by dispatching migrant workers overseas” - a practice that South Korea’s Unification Ministry has estimated brings in roughly $900 million a year to Pyongyang’s coffers. While $900 million not seem like a lot for a national government, it is a valuable source of revenue for North Korea, which needs every penny it can get to finance its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. Any country that continues to import forced labor from North Korea is contributing to the problem and does not deserve to operate within the U.S. financial system.

Regrettably, none of these measures will bring Warmbier back to life. Many lawmakers in Washington would like to go a lot further, including indefinitely suspending any talks between the U.S. and North Korea as long as Kim flouts the principles of common humanity.

But as terrible as this entire ordeal is for the Warmbier family, it would be imprudent for the United States to terminate negotiating channels with Pyongyang that could be valuable in the future. The most prudent action that the U.S. can take is to ensure that no other American suffers the terrible fate of Otto Warmbier.

~_~



Subscribe to the Viewsroom in iTunes

The bank that steered clear of the financial crisis breaks down after creating 2 million fake accounts. New evidence undermines Donald Trump’s claims few benefit from the U.S. economic recovery. And why Hanjin’s corporate capsize may prompt attempts to fix to shipping-industry woes.

~_~

The iPhone 7 may seem like an underwhelming upgrade, but it sets the company up well for the rise of augmented reality. Donald’s Trump’s plans to curb visas and send illegal immigrants home defy economic logic. And scandal-prone VW takes its truck ambitions stateside.

~_~

Viewsroom is taking a short break during the dog days of summer. In the meantime, share your thoughts by rating and reviewing the podcast on iTunes. You can also reach our hosts directly on Twitter:

Antony Currie

Jennifer Saba

As always, you can read all of our columnists on Breakingviews.com

~_~

ValueAct is taking a softly-softly stance with its stake in Morgan Stanley – and is already doing better than its Amex flop. Private insurers are pulling out of Obamacare as the U.S. considers banning industry mergers. And millennials’ relative poverty could be bad for democracy.

~_~

Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump battle over infrastructure needs, while Trump faces growing opposition from fellow billionaires. Also: the ups and downs of Europe’s lenders after a stress test with no fail grade, and why Uber is ceding to Didi the ride-sharing crown in China.

~_~

Want to know which emerging markets will thrive and which will fail? Listen to Morgan Stanley Investment Management’s chief global strategist as he ticks through his 10 metrics for determining the fate of economies. Hint: China is in a bad place. His new book, “The Rise and Fall of Nations” has some lessons for the developing world to consider, too.

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

Recent World News

EU parliament asks for Turkish accession talks to be suspended STRASBOURG The European Parliament on Thursday asked for Turkey's European Union accession talks to be suspended if Ankara implements a constitutional overhaul, backed by a referendum in April, which expands the powers of President Tayyip Erdogan. Turkey

Greenpeace stages small protest during Trump's Poland visit WARSAW Greenpeace activists projected the slogan "No Trump, Yes Paris" onto a building in central Warsaw as U.S. President Donald Trump visited Poland on Wednesday, in protest at the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement.

G20 summit to strengthen multilateral cooperation: Merkel BERLIN The G20 summit in Germany should strengthen international cooperation and Berlin remains committed to the implementation of a major climate protection agreement, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday on the eve of the gathering in Hamburg. Environment

Pakistani politician shot dead in Baluchistan province QUETTA, Pakistan Gunmen on Thursday shot and killed a Pakistani regional political party leader in the city of Quetta, police said, the latest violence in the southwestern province of Baluchistan.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir speaks during a press conference after the oath of the prime minister and first vice president Bakri Hassan Saleh at the palace in Khartoum, Sudan March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Nureldin Abdallah

AMSTERDAM Judges at the International Criminal Court (ICC) will rule on Thursday on whether South Africa violated ICC rules by failing to arrest Sudan's president during a 2015 visit to Johannesburg, in a case that will test international support for the court.

There is an outstanding ICC warrant for President Omar Hassan al-Bashir's arrest on genocide charges, which he denies.

Thursday's ruling will be closely watched for its possible implications for Bashir and other sitting heads of state as well as for the court itself.

If the ICC rules that South Africa's decision to let Bashir go was an act of non-compliance, the court could then either report Pretoria to the U.N. Security Council or to the ICC's own member states. In either case, South Africa would only likely suffer the diplomatic setback of a court reprimand, rather than any further fine or sanction.

It is also possible that the court may accept South Africa's argument that it was not obliged to implement the warrant.

Pretoria has argued that the ICC's warrant for Bashir's arrest was void in the face of a South African law that grants sitting heads of state immunity from prosecution, in line with customary international law.

However, the ICC's statutes explicitly state that sitting heads of states do not have immunity in war crimes cases.

Bashir, who came to power in Sudan in a 1989 Islamist and military-backed coup, was charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in 2008 over the deaths and persecution of ethnic groups in the Darfur province.

He denies the charges and continues to travel abroad, trailed by human rights activists and shunned by Western diplomats.

Though Sudan is not a member of the ICC, the court has jurisdiction there due to a 2005 U.N. Security Council resolution that referred the conflict to the Hague court.

The ICC faces the risk that any action it takes will only underline waning international support for its own existence.

The United States, Russia and China never became ICC members. In Africa, resentment over the court's indictments of Africans has led Kenya to threaten withdrawal, and the African Union also called in February for mass withdrawals.

South Africa has gone further, formally notifying the United Nations last year that it intended to withdraw from the court.

Earlier this year a domestic South African court blocked the move over procedural issues, but authorities said as recently as last week that they would press ahead with the withdrawal.

(Reporting by Stephanie van den Berg; Editing by Toby Sterling and Gareth Jones)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Zambian President Edgar Lungu reacts after participating in a discussion at the World Economic Forum on Africa 2017 meeting in Durban, South Africa May 4, 2017. REUTERS/Rogan Ward

LUSAKA Zambian President Edgar Lungu said on Wednesday he would seek parliament's approval to impose a state of emergency after fire gutted the country's biggest market in what he said was politically motivated arson.

Political tensions in Zambia, seen as one of Africa's more stable and functional democracies, have been rising since the arrest on treason charges of main opposition leader Hakainde Hichilema, who narrowly lost to Lungu in a bruising election last year.

Hichilema, along with five others, is accused of trying to overthrow the government after a column of opposition vehicles failed to make way for the president's motorcade.

Under Zambian state of emergency laws, police can prohibit public meetings, close roads, impose curfews and restrict movements.

The country's last state of emergency was declared in 1997 by then president Frederick Chiluba after an attempted coup. It was lifted the following year.

Lungu said the fire, which destroyed the southern part of City Market in the capital Lusaka on Tuesday, "bordered on economic sabotage" and was aimed at making the country ungovernable.

Nobody was killed or injured in the blaze.

"I have issued a statutory instrument proclaiming that a situation exists in this country which if allowed to continue may lead to a state of public emergency. This proclamation will be tabled in the national assembly," Lungu said in a televised address.

"There is no doubt in my mind that the intention of these perpetrators is to make the country ungovernable and as president of this country it is my responsibility to respond to forestall chaos."

Police have said some people were planning to vandalise vital installations including bridges and power stations after the blaze.

They also said one person was taken into custody for trying to torch a bus station and are seeking those who vandalised electricity transmission lines to a suburb near the capital last month.

Hichilema, leader of the United Party for National Development, was arrested in April when police raided his home and charged him with trying to overthrow the government.

An economist and businessman widely known by his initials "HH", Hichilema was defeated last August by Lungu in an election the opposition politician denounced as fraudulent. His attempts to mount a legal challenge have been unsuccessful.

(Writing by Tiisetso Motsoeneng; Editing by Gareth Jones and John Stonestreet)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: General Khalifa Haftar, commander in the Libyan National Army (LNA), leaves after a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow, Russia, November 29, 2016. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov

Smoke rises from clashes between special forces of the Libyan army and Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

A tank belonging to special forces of the Libyan army enter the area of clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

A member of the Libyan army's special forces checks his weapon before entering the area of clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

A member of the Libyan army's special forces prepares to enter the area of clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

Clashes between special forces of the Libyan army and Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

A member of the Libyan army's special forces prepares to enter the area of clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

Members of the Libyan army's special forces take a selfie before entering the area of clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

Smoke risis from clashes between special forces of the Libyan army and Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

Destroyed building from clashes between the Libyan army and Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

A tank belonging to special forces of the Libyan army enter the area of clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

A member of the Libyan army's special forces prepares to enter the area of clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

Destroyed building from clashes between the Libyan army and Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

A tank belonging to special forces of the Libyan army enter the area of clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

A tank belonging to special forces from the Libyan army clashes with Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

Members of the Libyan army's special forces celebrate after the liberation of the last region of Islamist militants in their last stronghold in Benghazi, Libya, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Esam Omran Al-Fetori

BENGHAZI, Libya Libya's eastern commander Khalifa Haftar said on Wednesday his forces had taken full control of Libya's second city Benghazi from rival armed groups after a three-year campaign.

The battle for Benghazi between Haftar's self-styled Libyan National Army (LNA) and an array of Islamist militants and other fighters has been part of a broader conflict since Libya slipped into turmoil following the 2011 fall of strongman Muammar Gaddafi.

Victory would mark a major advance for the one-time commander in Gaddafi's army, who has slowly gained ground in eastern and southern Libya in defiance of a U.N.-backed government that is struggling to extend its influence from the capital, Tripoli.

"Your armed forces declare to you the liberation of Benghazi from terrorism, a full liberation and a victory of dignity," Haftar said, wearing a white uniform in a televised speech.

"Benghazi has entered into a new era of safety and peace."

Before he spoke, LNA forces made rapid progress through the seafront district of Sabri, using heavy artillery to blast their way through some of the final pockets of resistance.

As they have after past retreats in the battle for the city, rival armed groups may fall back on using guerrilla tactics against Haftar's forces.

Haftar launched his "Operation Dignity" in Benghazi in May 2014, promising to crush Islamists blamed for a wave of assassinations and bombings.

Over three years his forces have clashed with militants as well as with former anti-Gaddafi rebels resisting what they saw as an attempt to reimpose autocratic rule. The LNA suffered heavy losses, which its own officials put at more than 5,000 men.

Haftar's critics accuse him of dragging Benghazi into a war that he has used to establish military control over much of eastern Libya. Parts of Benghazi have been wrecked by heavy shelling and air strikes.

In Sabri, where the LNA advanced on Wednesday, deserted streets were littered with debris and the shells of rusting cars. Some buildings have been destroyed and others peppered with holes from bullets and shrapnel.

Having seized a string of key oil ports and southern air bases since last year, Haftar has made little secret of ambitions to enter Tripoli, where he portrays his rivals as beholden to Islamists and militia rule.

He has backing from foreign powers including Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, and has cultivated closer ties with Moscow. The LNA has gradually grown bigger and better equipped but is still heavily dependent on alliances with local brigades and tribes.

Though weak, the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli retains the formal support of most Western powers.

(Reporting by Ayman Al-Warfalli; writing by Patrick Markey and Aidan Lewis; editing by Diane Craft)

~_~

JOHANNESBURG South Africa's Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane will oppose legal challenges to her recommendation that the central bank's mandate of maintaining currency and price stability be changed, saying her proposal was "misunderstood", eNCA television reported on Thursday.

The public watchdog's office also said Mkhwebane did not meddle in Parliament's independence by making the proposal to amend the South African Reserve Bank's mandate to focus on growth, eNCA said.

The central bank has filed a court challenge against Mkhwebane's proposal, while Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba and parliament have also opposed the recommendation.

(Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by James Macharia)

~_~

FILE PHOTO - Electricity pylons are seen in front of the cooling towers at the Lethabo Thermal Power Station,an Eskom coal-burning power station near Sasolburg in the northern Free State province, March 2, 2016. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko/File Photo

JOHANNESBURG South Africa's state power utility Eskom signed a $1.5 billion (19.6 billion rand) loan agreement with China Development Bank on Thursday to finance the Medupi coal power plant, its acting chief executive said..

"The conclusion of this second loan agreement continues to demonstrate financial market confidence in Eskom and South Africa notwithstanding the challenging market conditions," Eskom's Johnny Dladla told reporters at the signing ceremony.

Eskom's chief financial officer Anoj Singh said the Chinese loan would be paid back over 15 years. He expected Eskom's debt to peak at 500 billion rand, up from 300 billion rand currently.

(Reporting by TJ Strydom; Writing by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by Joe Brock)

~_~

JOHANNESBURG South Africa's state power utility Eskom sees significant appetite from international investors for its bonds and could tap the market for between $1 billion to $1.5 billion in sales in the next six months, chief financial officer Anoj Singh said on Thursday.

Addressing reporters after signing a $1.5 billion loan agreement with China's Development Bank to help finance a power plant, Singh also said governance issues at Eskom had impacted the firm's plans to secure funding.

Eskom has been in a leadership crisis after several board members, including the chairman and chief executive, resigned in recent months amid growing concerns about governance at the country's sole electricity provider.

(Reporting by TJ Strydom; Writing by Nqobile Dludla; Editing by James Macharia)

~_~

JOHANNESBURG South Africa's business confidence recovered from a seven-month low in June as a recovery in the rand the previous month helped boost export volumes and as imports of merchandise increased, a survey showed on Thursday.

The South African Chamber of Commerce and Industry's (SACCI) monthly business confidence index (BCI) ticked up to 94.9 in June from 93.2 in May.

Business activity and perceptions in June were soothed by an improved exchange rate, with the rand ZAR=D3 advancing more than 2.5 percent in the month as the currency reaped the benefits of a worldwide search for higher yields.

"The main contribution to the monthly improvement to the BCI in June was made by higher merchandise import and export volumes, the improved rand exchange rate," SACCI said in a statement.

The rand has since surrendered those gains, dipping back near seven-week lows on Wednesday as proposals by the ruling party to nationalise the central bank and expropriate land raised fears of more anti-market policies.

Confidence has been subdued by political uncertainty following the axing of the finance minister in March and a subsequent double credit downgrade to sub-investment grade, while the economy slipped into technical recession.

"When an economy that is in a recession gets the label of junk status, the stance of the economy becomes even more complicated," SACCI said.

"If structural economic deficiencies become part of the assessment, the challenges for recuperation become more multifaceted."

(Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Joe Brock)

~_~

A man carries a cabbage and an avocado as he walks past a board displaying food prices outside a grocery shop in Johannesburg July 7, 2015. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko

PRETORIA Inflation targeting has its flaws but is "the least bad option" for South Africa as monetary policy should be used to create price stability, central bank deputy governor Kuben Naidoo said on Thursday.

"Inflation targeting has its flaws but I think it's the least bad option for South Africa in the present environment given our economic circumstances," Naidoo told a public lecture.

South Africa's Deputy Finance Minister Sfiso Buthelezi said last week there was need to debate whether the central bank's inflation targeting range of 3 to 6 percent was still relevant now.

(Reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Editing by Joe Brock)

~_~

LONDON Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after both were denied a chance to savour match-point glory in their first-round matches.

When seven-times champion Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two, they will be hoping to put on an entertaining show from start to finish after Tuesday's fans were left feeling rather short-changed.

Djokovic, winner of three titles here, was leading Martin Klizan 6-3 2-0 when the injured Slovakian went up to shake hands with the Serb after calling time on the match with only 40 minutes on the clock.

Unbelievably for the Centre Court crowd, there were given a repeat performance just over an hour later when Federer's opponent Alexandr Dolgopolov also pulled out when trailing 3-6 0-3.

While the seven first-round withdrawals in the men's field left many questioning if players who are not fully fit should be allowed to start a tournament, on the women's side of the draw the competitors will be keen to live up to Agnieszka Radwanska's observation that "girls are really, really tough".

The 2012 finalist takes on American Christina McHale while last year's runner up Angelique Kerber, who has struggled to recapture the form that carried her to two grand slam titles last year, will be hoping she survives a tricky match against Belgian Kirsten Flipkens.

(Editing by Ed Osmond)

~_~

LONDON Arsenal have signed French international striker Alexandre Lacazette on a five-year contract from French side Olympique Lyonnais, the Premier League club has said.

British media reported that the fee for the 26-year-old was a club record 46.5 million pounds ($60 million), surpassing the 42.4 million pounds Arsenal paid Real Madrid for Germany midfielder Mesut Ozil in 2013.

“We are very happy to have Alexandre join our group," Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told the club website (www.arsenal.com).

"He has shown over a number of years that he can score goals and that he is a very efficient finisher. As well, he has very interesting technical qualities and a strong character.

"He is a guy who is a great addition for us, and someone who will help us challenge at the top level this season."

Lacazette, who has won 11 caps for France, has scored at least 20 league goals in each of the last three seasons and managed 37 goals in 45 games last season as Lyon finished fourth in Ligue 1 and reached the Europa League semi-finals.

He becomes Arsenal's second major signing of the close season, following the arrival of Bosnia defender Sead Kolasinac on a free transfer from Schalke 04.

The arrival of Lacazette will be a boost for the Gunners, who won the FA Cup last season but only finished fifth in the Premier League, meaning that this season they will miss out on the Champions League for the first time in 20 years.

(Reporting by Ed Osmond; additional reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Julian Shea)

~_~

Jun 10, 2017; Memphis, TN, USA; Phil Mickelson looks on from the third hole during the third round of the FedEx St. Jude Classic golf tournament at TPC Southwind. Mandatory Credit: Christopher Hanewinckel-USA TODAY Sports

Phil Mickelson will make his first PGA Tour start since parting ways with his longtime caddie at this week's Greenbrier Classic in West Virginia, which returns after massive flooding last year forced cancellation of the event.

Mickelson has missed the cut in his three prior Greenbrier appearances but hopes to snap that barren run on the Old White TPC Course in White Sulphur Springs with younger brother Tim on the bag following last month's split with Jim "Bones" Mackay.

The left-hander, who had Mackay on his bag for all but one of his 42 PGA Tour wins, has played in 15 tournaments this season with four top 10s and is yet to miss a cut.

This week will mark his first start since a ninth-place finish at the St. Jude Classic in early June, but it comes on a course the five-times major winner once described as "brutally difficult."

Still, Mickelson enjoys the area so much that he owns a home on the property and last year became a member of the Greenbrier Sporting Club plus a Tour ambassador for the resort.

Last year, a mere two weeks before the Greenbrier Classic, a devastating flash flood swept through the area and caused extensive damage to the course that was deemed beyond reasonable repair to conduct the tournament.

Since there was no tournament last year, New Zealand's Danny Lee, who won the 2015 edition in a four-way playoff for his only PGA Tour win, is the returning champion.

The world number 81, who will be grouped with Mickelson and twice U.S. Masters winner Bubba Watson for the first two rounds, says he has benefited from coaching changes and the addition of a mental coach to his team.

After a share of fifth place at the AT&T Byron Nelson in May, Lee returned a week later to finish sixth at Colonial and then 10 days ago tied for third at the Travelers Championship.

"I had some good finishes, and I got to play in the final group on Colonial. I haven't been in that situation for a while. I kind of didn't sleep that well Saturday night," said Lee.

"But at Travelers I felt a lot better. Then I played great that week all week. I think I'm on the right track to do something great I think."

(The story Adds dropped word in lede)

(Reporting by Frank Pingue; Editing by Larry Fine)

~_~

TOKYO Germany's Lukas Podolski has set his sights on helping Vissel Kobe qualify for the Asian Champions League in his maiden J.League season, the World Cup-winning forward said on Thursday.

Podolski became the biggest name to arrive in the J.League since Uruguayan striker Diego Forlan joined Cerezo Osaka in 2014 when the 32-year-old signed an estimated $5.3 million deal to make the switch from Galatasaray.

"I don't feel any pressure because I have had pressure since I started playing football," Podolski, a member of Germany's 2014 World Cup winning team, told a news conference in Kobe.

"It is not a problem, it is a big challenge for me. I don't play in Europe, I play now in the J.League and Asia, so it is a big move, of course, but I have a target."

"The first target is to fight for the first three places (in the J.League) to qualify for the Champions League," said Podolski who is set to make his debut in a July 29 home match against Omiya Ardija.

Kobe had wanted Podolski to join them before the spring transfer window closed on Mar. 31 and will expect him to lift the club, currently lying 11th and 13 points behind leaders Kashima Antlers, in the second half of the season.

"I am here now to help everyone. I am not alone. I know my team mates will help me. Now we have to go train hard and fight on the pitch for 90 minutes and get three points every game," added the former Bayern Munich and Arsenal player.

(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; Editing by John O'Brien)

~_~

BANGUI Some 78 people were killed and dozens more were injured when a truck heavily loaded with goods and passengers crashed in Central African Republic, a doctor said on Wednesday.

The accident occurred on Tuesday around 10 km (6 miles) outside the town of Bambari, around 300 km northeast of the capital Bangui, as the truck was travelling to a weekly market day in the village of Maloum.

"At the moment, we have counted 78 dead and 72 wounded. Some wounded were taken directly to their homes from the accident scene and died there some time after, but most died here," said Chamberlain Bama, chief doctor at the university hospital in Bambari.

A member of parliament from Bambari said the truck was overloaded and travelling faster than normal.

"They were driving fast to make it to the market on time. That's what probably caused the accident," Amaseka Topi told Reuters.

Decades of neglect have left the landlocked country's road system in ruins and safety regulations are rarely enforced.

Central African Republic is racked by violence unleashed after mainly Muslim rebels ousted President Francois Bozize in 2013, provoking a backlash from Christian militias.

Thousands have died and a fifth of Central Africans have fled their homes.

(Reporting by Crispen Dembassa-Kette; Writing by Joe Bavier; Editing by Toni Reinhold)

~_~

A Customs officer stands beside ivory tusks seized by Hong Kong Customs at a news conference in Hong Kong, China July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

A Customs officer stands beside ivory tusks seized by Hong Kong Customs at a news conference in Hong Kong, China July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

A Customs officer stands beside ivory tusks seized by Hong Kong Customs at a news conference in Hong Kong, China July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

Customs and Excise Department officials (L-R), Endangered Species Protection Officer Timothy Lam, Ports Control Group Head Chan Wan-hung and Special Investigation Group Head Wan Hing-chuen, attend a news conference with seized ivory tusks in Hong Kong, China July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

HONG KONG Authorities in Hong Kong this week made their largest haul of contraband ivory in more than 30 years, amid surging illegal wildlife seizures fuelled by lax regulations and buoyant demand from mainland China.

The former British colony situated at the mouth of China's Pearl River Delta is one of the world's top global transit hubs for endangered species and their products, such as shark fin, pangolin skin and rosewood furniture.

Customs officials on Thursday said they had seized 7,200 kg (15,873 lb) of ivory tusks, valued at around HK$72 million ($9.22 million), at a cargo warehouse beside the city's harbor.

The ivory was discovered in a 40-foot container from Malaysia declared to hold frozen fish, beneath which officers found the tusks.

"The 1,000 boxes were half-empty when we found them with frozen fish put around the ivory," said customs official Raymond Chan.

Conservation group WildAid estimated the tusks had probably been taken from about 720 elephants.

Hong Kong's agriculture, fisheries and conservation department said it was investigating the shipment's final destination, probably a nearby country.

A special administrative region of China, Hong Kong has lagged other places, including the mainland, in adopting tighter rules against trading of ivory and other endangered species.

Regulatory loopholes allow traders to use a stockpile of legal ivory as cover to smuggle illegal ivory to unsuspecting buyers, say groups such as the World Wildlife Fund and WildAid.

China, Singapore and the United States have all banned the ivory trade, with the mainland closing down all operations by the end of this year.

Hong Kong, however, has only timetabled a ban by 2021. Legislators are set to discuss the issue on Friday and decide if traders should be compensated in the case of a total ban.

The teeming port city has the largest retail market for ivory, with 90 percent of consumers from the mainland.

Hong Kong has been trading ivory for more than 150 years, fashioned into jewelry and sculptures, but activists say illegal poaching is pushing elephants toward extinction.

The independent Environmental Investigation Agency last week identified Shuidong, a southern Chinese coastal town close to Hong Kong, as the hub for 10 to 20 Chinese-led criminal syndicates bringing in ivory from Africa.

African rangers detailed harrowing firsthand tales of elephant poaching during a June visit to Hong Kong, an event marked by a tense standoff with traders who say their business is legal.

(Reporting by Doris Huang and Farah Master; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: South Africa's President Jacob Zuma gestures during his opening address at the African National Congress 5th National Policy Conference at the Nasrec Expo Centre in Soweto, South Africa June 30, 2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko

JOHANNESBURG South Africa's ruling African National Congress has proposed at its policy conference that land expropriation without compensation should be allowed where it is "necessary and unavoidable", President Jacob Zuma said on Wednesday.

Land will be a key issue ahead of a December conference where a successor to Zuma will be chosen. The two current frontrunners are Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, former African Union chair and Zuma's ex-wife.

Dlamini-Zuma has made land redistribution from whites to blacks without compensation one of her main policies.

(Reporting by Nqobile Dludla and Mfuneko Toyana; Writing by Joe Brock; Editing by James Macharia)

~_~

South African Rand coins are seen in this photo illustration taken September 9, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings/File Photo

JOHANNESBURG South Africa's ruling party failed on Wednesday to agree a clear plan to get the economy out of recession and tackle near 28 percent unemployment, but risked rattling investors with pledges on nationalizing the central bank and expropriating land.

Backroom infighting blighted the six-day African National Congress conference, held every five years, as factions rallied behind the candidate they hope will replace President Jacob Zuma as party leader in December, sources said.

One section of the party is supporting Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa, while another backs Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, former African Union chair and Zuma's ex-wife.

Dlamini-Zuma's supporters, who include Zuma, want the ANC to implement radical policies to redistribute wealth to address the gaping inequality that exists between black and white South Africans 23 years after the end of apartheid.

Ramaphosa's backers also want to reduce inequality but by growing the economy, reducing unemployment and rooting out the corruption that has plagued the ANC under Zuma. They fear Dlamini-Zuma will continue in the mould of her ex-husband.

On Monday, Dlamini-Zuma's supporters called for ANC lawmaker Derek Hanekom to be thrown out of a meeting of the party's economic committee after he dismissed their proposal to change the constitution to allow land expropriation without compensation, two ANC sources said.

Hanekom has been a critic of Zuma and corruption in the ANC.

The ANC officially agreed to accelerate land reform, with the possibility of expropriation without compensation as a last resort, without giving any details on how they would navigate the constitution to do this.

The party also said it would like the central bank to be wholly state-owned, which initially spooked investors as the rand ZAR=D3 extended its losses against the dollar.

The currency later recovered when the central bank said it wouldn't make any difference because the constitution protected its mandate whoever the shareholders were. The rand was still down 1.46 percent on the day.

Most central banks are state-owned and the ANC made a resolution that its central bank must be independent.

Talk about state-ownership, however, worries investors given the far-left of the ANC, who largely support the Zuma faction, have called for the nationalization of mines and banks.

It also followed a damaging row about whether the central bank's mandate should be changed by the government.

INFIGHTING

South Africa's economy is deteriorating, having entered recession in March. The rand currency is weakening against the dollar and unemployment is at a high.

The bitter divisions, however, meant no one got what they wanted from the conference leaving the withering economy with no clear path to recovery.

"Zuma camp’s strategy has been successful –- to drive a wedge of factionalism through the party," said Nomura emerging markets analyst Peter Attard Montalto.

"Generally, the factionalism has resulted in the conference unable to take a firm stance on issues. There is nothing to hint at an escape from the low growth trap."

Any policies recommended this week need to be ratified at the December conference where Zuma's replacement atop the ANC will be named, and with the party so divided it may be difficult to come to an agreement.

Even if reforms are approved, they are unlikely to be implemented until after an 2019 election.

The ANC, which swept to power under Nelson Mandela in 1994, is not guaranteed to win in two years time given the public's increasing frustration at rising unemployment, economic stagnation and high-profile corruption cases.

"I think we're looking at policy paralysis in the medium-term," said Darius Jonker, Africa director at Eurasia Group.

"The likelihood of the Zuma faction and the Ramaphosa faction resolving their differences is very slim. The ANC has be

en irrevocably damaged."

(Additional reporting by Ed Stoddard, Joe Brock, Tiisetso Motsoeneng and Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo; Writing by Joe Brock; Editing by James Macharia/Jeremy Gaunt)

~_~

CAIRO Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi spoke with U.S President Donald Trump in a telephone call about the dispute with Qatar, Sisi's office said on Wednesday.

"The visions of the two presidents on dealing with current regional crises were in line, especially when it comes to reaching political settlements which contribute to regional security and stability," Sisi's office said in a statement.

Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt, and Bahrain have imposed sanctions on Qatar, accusing it of links to terrorism and being an ally of Iran, which Doha denies.

(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)

~_~

Flags of Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are seen along the Nile river ahead of a meeting of the foreign ministers in Cairo, Egypt July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany

CAIRO Foreign ministers from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Bahrain on Thursday started a meeting in Cairo on the Qatar crisis hours before a deadline for Doha to meet demands set by the four Arab nations, an Egyptian Foreign Ministry official told Reuters.

The meeting was taking place at al-Tahrir palace to discuss Qatar's reaction to the 13 demands the four countries made after accusing it of supporting Islamist militants and being ally of regional foe Iran, which Doha denies.

The four Arab nations have threatened further sanctions if Qatar does not comply with the list presented through Kuwait about two weeks ago, which Qatar rejected. Kuwait has been acting as a mediator since the beginning of the crisis.

(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein; Writing by Amina Ismail; Editing by Patrick Markey)

~_~

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un reacts with scientists and technicians of the DPRK Academy of Defence Science after the test-launch of the intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14. KCNA/via REUTERS

Chinese Ambassador to the United Nations Liu Jieyi addresses the U.N. Security Council as it meets to discuss the recent ballistic missile launch by North Korea at U.N. headquarters in New York, U.S., July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar

BEIJING Chinese President Xi Jinping urged a peaceful resolution of tension over North Korean on Thursday, telling his South Korean counterpart that China is committed to denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula.

The United States said on Wednesday it was ready to use force if need be to stop North Korea's nuclear missile programme but said it preferred global diplomatic action against it for defying world powers by test launching a ballistic missile that could hit Alaska.

Meeting in Germany ahead of a G20 summit, Xi told South Korean President Moon Jae-in that China upheld maintaining the peace and stability of the peninsula, and that all sides should strictly abide by U.N. Security Council resolutions, China's state news agency Xinhua reported.

China supported the new South Korean government's efforts to restart dialogue and contacts with North Korea, Xi said, adding that the international community should work together to play a positive role to ease tension.

Ties between China and South Korea have soured over the basing in South Korea of an advanced U.S. anti-missile system China sees as a threat to its own security, despite Washington and Seoul saying it is purely to defend against North Korea.

Xi told Moon that China did not want to see the "difficulties" that have been present in relations of late, and that South Korea should "clear obstacles" to bilateral ties and pay attention to China's "legitimate concerns".

The news agency did not elaborate.

Taking a major step in its missile programme, North Korea on Tuesday test launched an intercontinental ballistic missile that some experts believe has the range to reach the U.S. states of Alaska and Hawaii and perhaps the U.S. Pacific Northwest.

North Korea says the missile could carry a large nuclear warhead.

The missile test is a direct challenge to U.S. President Donald Trump, who has vowed to prevent North Korea from being able to hit the United States with a nuclear missile.

He has frequently urged China to press the leaders of isolated North Korea to give up their nuclear programme, and on Wednesday he denounced China's trade with its defiant neighbour.

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang, speaking in Beijing earlier on Thursday, said China fully implemented UN resolutions on North Korea.

As a neighbour, China had "normal" trade relations with North Korea and U.N. resolutions were clear that they were not intended to impact upon "livelihood and humanitarian needs", he added.

(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Toby Chopra, Robert Birsel)

~_~

Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior advisor of President Donald Trump, arrive aboard Air Force One at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. Army soldiers gather ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump speech in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. Agencja Gazeta/Slawomir Kaminski via REUTERS

A bust of Polish composer Frederic Chopin is flanked by U.S. and Polish flags ahead of the meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Polish President Andrzej Duda during their bilateral meeting, as he visits Poland for the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. President Donald Trump is greeted by Polish President Andrzej Duda as he visits Poland during the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump, Polish President Andrzej Duda and Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic take part in a family photo along with other heads of states and delegates during the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

He also said Washington was thinking about "severe things" in response to North Korea's test-launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile with the potential to reach Alaska.

Trump told a joint news conference with Polish President Andrzej Duda on Thursday that it was "past time" for all countries in the alliance to "get going" on their financial obligations.

The White House had said Trump would use the stopover in Warsaw to showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which he once called "obsolete", bemoaning allies' repeated failure to spend the recommended 2 percent of GDP on defence.

He had unnerved allies in May, not least those in the east concerned about Russia's more assertive military posture, by failing to explicitly endorse the principle of collective defence enshrined in the NATO treaty.

While he did not directly mention that principle in Warsaw, he did say that the United States was working with Poland to address Russia's "destabilising behaviour". Duda for his part said he believed Trump took Poland's security seriously.

Trump said the United States would confront the threat from North Korea very strongly, and that nations must publicly demonstrate to North Korea that there were consequences for bad behaviour.

Trump has this week expressed frustration that North Korea's neighbour China has not put more pressure on Pyongyang, notably through trade, to try to rein in its weapons programme.

Trump said "something" would have to be done about North Korea. He said he did not draw "red lines", but that Washington would take a look over the coming weeks and months with regard to North Korea.

En route to a potentially fractious G20 summit in Germany, Trump was due to take part in a gathering of leaders from central Europe, Baltic states and the Balkans, an event convened by Poland and Croatia to boost regional trade and infrastructure.

Trump said the United States strongly backed their "Three Seas" initiative.

(Writing by Kevin Liffey; editing by Ralph Boulton)

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump met with Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6), where the White House said he would showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in a speech and in meetings with a group of nations closest to Russia. Trump is making the whistle-stop trip to the Polish capital en route for a G20 summit in neighbouring Germany beginning on Friday (July 7). Aside from shoring up the U.S. relationship with NATO allies, the speech is symbolically significant given Poland's proximity to Russia and regional fears about Moscow's ambitions following its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. Poland hopes to woo Trump with new investment opportunities in eastern Europe.

~_~

BEIRUT A suicide bomber in Syria's Hama killed two people and injured nine others on Thursday, state media said, in the second such attack in a government-held city this week.

State television said the attacker set off an explosive belt at a bus station in the southwest of the city.

The governor of Hama said the explosion killed two women, according to another state-run channel, Ikhbariya. It had quoted him earlier as saying three people had died.

On Sunday, a bomb killed 20 people and wounded dozens more in Damascus.

Since the start of the year, a string of blasts have hit the cities of Damascus and Homs, which are under the control of President Bashar al-Assad's government fighting rebel groups in the country's six-year war.

(Reporting by Ellen Francis; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

People walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

A member of the police works at the scene where a number of cars burnt down overnight at a Porsche dealership ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

German police walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist is detained by police following his arrival at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist carries a poster as he arrives at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

Among the 100,000 protesters expected in the city, some 8,000 are deemed by security forces to be ready to commit violence, posing a challenge for those tasked with securing the July 7-8 summit of leaders of the world's 20 biggest economies.

There has been no significant violence at several smaller demonstrations in the city this week, including a march on Wednesday by more than 7,000 beer-drinking mainly young revellers holding placards denouncing capitalism and G20 leaders.

But a fire overnight at a Porsche car dealer in the north of the city that damaged eight vehicles could be a foretaste of what's to come. Police said they were investigating whether it was an arson attack.

"There is no concrete evidence to link the incident to the G20 summit," a police spokesman told Reuters. "But we assume this is the case."

Locals are unhappy with Chancellor Angela Merkel's decision to hold the summit in the centre of Germany's second-largest city as they fear property damage by violent protesters. Their daily routines are also being disrupted by security measures.

Up to 20,000 police officers will be on duty to watch over the main demonstration, dubbed "Welcome to Hell" by the alliance of anti-capitalist groups who organised it. Protesters have said they will try to block roads in the city.

Merkel took a big gamble in deciding to host the summit, where leaders will hold talks on difficult issues from trade and climate change to African development, in the city of her birth.

Should the protests go awry, her reputation could be damaged less than three months before an election in which she is seeking a fourth term.

To air the locals' disenchantment, Hamburg-based soft drinks maker Fritz Kola has launched a poster advertising campaign featuring a portrait of Trump snoozing. A caption reads: "Wake up, man! Fritz Kola. Lots of caffeine".

Protesters say the G20 has failed to solve many of the issues threatening world peace, including climate change, rising inequality and violent conflicts.

'EGOISTIC LEADER'

Tens of thousands will gather at the fish market in the borough of St Pauli - known for its red light district - at 1400 GMT, around the same time as Air Force One is due to land in Hamburg. They will then march north to the heavily secured summit venue.

"It's ridiculous that police say some of us are violent when starting tomorrow the leaders of the world's largest weapon exporting and importing nations will be arriving in our city," said Stefan Hubert, a 32-year-old graphic designer who came to the protest on Wednesday with three friends.

Holding a placard reading 'Make love great again!' he added: "This summit is a waste of money that could be better spent on deploying more boats to stop migrants fleeing war and hunger from drowning in the Mediterranean."

Turkish-German protester Fatima Cicek said she and her two sisters came to the demonstration on Wednesday to make the point that the G20 is undemocratic as it is a forum where a handful of leaders make decisions that could impact the whole world.

But her main issue is with Trump.

"He is the most disruptive and egotistic leader at the summit," the veiled 38-year-old social worker said.

There is an irony in the protesters' dislike of Trump. The U.S. president and anti-capitalist activists have something in common: distrust of globalisation.

Yet Trump is in Hamburg to push for trade rules that benefit America, including steel makers facing tough competition from China, while the protesters are here to demand more rights for the poor regardless of where they live.

"Trump is here to promote his own interests and those of the richest people in America," said Cicek. "We are demanding more rights for the millions of people in Africa who have no roof over their heads."

(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Toby Chopra)

~_~

BRUSSELS Belgian police are searching for more members of an Islamist militant cell unearthed earlier this week in possession of assault rifles and police uniform disguises ready for an attack, prosecutors said on Thursday.

They said on Wednesday two men had been arrested and charged with belonging to a terrorist organisation. "We are still looking for additional people," a spokesman for Belgium's federal prosecutor said.

Belgium, which hosts European Union and NATO headquarters, has been prominent in the fight against radical Islamists since finding that those who killed 130 people in bombing and shooting attacks in Paris in November 2015 had plotted them in Brussels.

The Belgian capital itself was hit by suicide bombings in March 2016 that killed 32 people.

The two men arrested this week had no links with the groups that carried out the previous attacks, however, prosecutors said, suggesting they may be part of a separate militant cell.

Prosecutors also said they had no information to back up reports in Belgian media on Thursday that authorities feared an imminent attack in the country.

"We can never exclude that one of those guys gets into a car and does something stupid. But do we have any concrete evidence that this is going to happen? No!" the spokesman said.

Belgian is currently at level three on a four-tier security threat scale.

(Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek; Editing by Alissa de Carbonnel and Mark Heinrich)

~_~

Turkey's Minister for EU Affairs Omer Celik reacts during an interview with Reuters in Ankara, Turkey, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas

ANKARA Turkey rejects any proposals to drop European Union accession talks in favour of cooperation in other areas, its EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday ahead of a European Parliament vote on suspending Turkey's membership bid.

Speaking during a visit to Ankara by EU enlargement commissioner Johannes Hahn, Celik said it was wrong for EU lawmakers to call for the suspension of Turkey's membership talks, adding such approaches would benefit neither side.

"We reject with the back of our hand any proposals that there should be strong cooperation between Turkey and the EU in other areas instead of accession talks," Celik told reporters.

On Wednesday, EU lawmakers called for a suspension of Turkey's membership talks with the European Union, saying President Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown on opponents meant Ankara did not meet the bloc's democratic criteria.

A vote on the proposal is expected to pass comfortably on Thursday, but the parliament has limited influence on the issue. The European Commission and EU governments have ignored calls for a formal suspension of a process already in limbo.

Turkey's ties with its European allies have deteriorated since last July's abortive putsch, with Turkey accusing some European states of not showing enough support.

"The European Parliament has failed in its solidarity with Turkey following the coup attempt. We had expected strong support, but the call to end membership talks instead is wrong," Celik said.

Relations soured further in the run-up to an April 16 referendum that narrowly handed Erdogan sweeping presidential powers, as tensions between Turkey and the bloc escalated when some European states barred Turkish ministers from delivering speeches to drum up support ahead of the vote.

In an interview on Wednesday, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told Reuters that Turkey was not responsible for the escalation of tensions between the two sides.

"Europe displaying inappropriate behaviour towards Turkey is not a situation we can accept. Being against our President Erdogan is also not a rational stance from Europe. Europe must decide: ... do they really want to enlarge?" Kurtulmus said.

EU commissioner Hahn said he hoped the interaction between the two sides would lead to a higher level of political dialogue.

"I don't know what will be decided, but I have to stress that the European Parliament is one of the institutions elected by the European citizens. Members of the European Parliament represent the view of their voters," Hahn said.

Kurtulmus said he believed sincere negotiations between the two parties would help resolve issues, and that Europe should take notice of the helping hand Turkey has extended.

EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan and his behaviour towards opponents, both before and after the abortive coup. But they do not want to undermine an agreement struck last year whereby Turkey effectively stopped migrants reaching Greece, easing a crisis that had threatened EU unity.

Celik said Turkey had noted the bloc's criticism regarding its judiciary and freedom of press and expression, but added the EU was blocking the process by not opening new chapters.

(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Daren Butler and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Dominic Evans and Toby Chopra)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A protester holds a candle next to a portrait of Chinese Nobel rights activist Liu Xiaobo demanding his release, during Chinese President Xi Jinping visiting, ahead of 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June... REUTERS/Tyrone Siu

BEIJING The liver function of China's Nobel Peace Prize winning dissident Liu Xiaobo has worsened, a hospital said on Thursday, while the government reiterated its hopes that other countries do not use Liu's case to interfere in its affairs.

Liu, 61, was jailed for 11 years in 2009 for "inciting subversion of state power" after he helped write a petition known as "Charter 08" calling for sweeping political reforms.

He was recently moved from jail to a hospital in the city of Shenyang for treatment of late stage liver cancer.

Liu has been being treated for various conditions as side effects of his cancer, including a build up of fluid in his stomach caused by liver scarring.

"Liu Xiaobo's liver function has worsened, his bilirubin levels are gradually rising," the hospital said in a statement, referring to a substance produced by the liver, high levels of which can indicate liver failure.

Asked about Liu's condition on Thursday, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said he had nothing new to add and reiterated that China hoped other countries would not use "individual cases" to interfere in China's internal affairs.

A liver expert from Beijing, Mao Yilei, had come to Shenyang to lead a consultation on Liu's condition, the hospital said.

The team decided to adjust his treatment plan and the family said they understood, the hospital said, without providing details.

The city justice department said on Wednesday the hospital had invited doctors from the United States and Germany to help with Liu's treatment.

President Xi Jinping is due to attend a summit of the Group of 20 nations in Hamburg, Germany, on Friday and Saturday, where he will seek to project Chinese leadership on issues such as climate change and free trade.

Diplomatic sources in Beijing say China has been nervous the issue over the Nobel Peace Prize winner could overshadow Xi's appearance.

Rights group Amnesty International said the move appeared in part "an attempt to limit international criticism" even as the government continued to refuse to allow Liu to be treated overseas.

(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Clarence Fernandez, Robert Birsel)

~_~

German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong during a press statement ahead of their meeting at the Chancellory in Berlin, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Michele Tantussi

BERLIN The G20 summit in Germany should strengthen international cooperation and Berlin remains committed to the implementation of a major climate protection agreement, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday on the eve of the gathering in Hamburg.

"We're united in our will to strengthen multilateral relations at the G20 summit, that we need an open society, especially open trade flows," Merkel said during a joint news conference with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.

Merkel added that both countries also supported the implementation of the Paris climate protection agreement - a major international pact of which U.S. President Donald Trump announced the U.S. withdrawal.

Lee said Singapore and Germany were both strongly committed to an open international trading system, adding that he expected a free trade agreement with the European Union to be signed soon.

(Reporting by Michael Nienaber and Michelle Martin; Editing by Madeline Chambers)

~_~

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

Actor Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor Angela Merkel in Ljubljana, Slovenia, April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. Jani Ugrin/Handout via REUTERS

LJUBLJANA A Slovenian comic who has attracted millions of online hits with extravagant musical parodies of such figures as Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump and the pope gives Angela Merkel the same satirical treatment in a clip released on Monday.

Klemen Slakonja plays the German chancellor in the YouTube video, along with a cast of dozens. Merkel dances with the German national soccer team as well as with "refugees" made up to resemble zombies. Adolf Hitler and Trump make brief cameo appearances.

"Refugees coming to Europe ... don't have the opportunities that they should get, so they are like the living dead here," Slakonja explained to Reuters.

Slakonja, 32, whose main job is as an actor with the Slovenian National Theatre, said he planned to make parodies of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un next.

(Reporting by Gasper Lubej; writing by Marja Novak; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud stands during a reception ceremony for British Prime Minister Theresa May in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, April 5, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS

DUBAI Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz has ordered an over-enthusiastic columnist to be suspended from his job after he equated him with God, Saudi media reported on Sunday.

King Salman has frequently been lauded by columnists in local media, in traditional deference to authority, since the 81-year-old assumed office in 2015.

But Ramadan al-Anzi's column in al-Jazirah newspaper describing King Salman as "Haleem", or forbearing, and "Shadeed al-Eqab", strict in punishment - both terms associated in Islam with God - appeared to have gone too far.

Attributing divine qualities or giving individuals any of the 99 names of God is frowned upon in the kingdom, which follows the strict Sunni Muslim Wahhabi school of Islam.

The newspaper published an apology late on Saturday.

"The phrases and tribute which the author bestowed on the personality of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, are not acceptable, despite what God had bestowed upon him, may God protect him, of the honor of serving the two holy mosques, Islam, the homeland and the people," al-Jazirah wrote.

Saudi media reported that the king had ordered that action be taken against the newspaper, but no specifics were given.

In a message to Information Minister Awwad bin Saleh Alawwad, the king wrote that he was "astonished by some of the phrases used in the column", according to Okaz newspaper.

Online newspaper, sabq, quoted the king as saying in his written complaint: "This is an issue that has distressed us, we don't accept it and don't approve of it, recognizing its dangers and the danger of being lenient towards it."

(Reporting by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Louise Ireland)

~_~

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

In Yukon's Dawson City, drinking a cocktail with a pickled toe is a time-honored tradition that more than 100,000 visitors have undertaken, according to the municipality.

The toe was stolen from a local hotel on June 18, sparking national headlines. It came back by mail four days later along with an apology letter, according to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP).

The Travel Yukon government tourism organization asked on Twitter for pictures of toes in the "Toenation Contest," which will grant the winner a free trip to the remote, sparsely populated territory, a neighbor of Alaska.

"Our toe was returned, but we can always use backups!" Travel Yukon tweeted. "Donate yours for a #Yukon trip. Will your toe make the cut?"

According to Dawson City, the story behind the cocktail is that a local man created the drink after finding a jar with the amputated frost-bitten toe of a rum-runner from the 1920s.

"Be sure to remember the most important rule: 'You can drink it fast, you can drink it slow, but your lips have gotta touch the toe,'" according to the city's website.

RCMP said a male suspect in the theft case called police after officers identified him. The man allegedly left his identification at the hotel, after downing the cocktail, according to the Yukon News. The toe came back with the apology letter, signed "a drunken fool," according to the newspaper.

"At the time that the package was opened, the toe was believed to be in good condition," RCMP said. "Charges are not expected to be laid in this matter."

(Reporting by Ethan Lou in Calgary, Alberta)

~_~

Sand carver Teimur Ilya Shanin from Russia works on a sculpture during the Sand Sculpture Festival 'Disney Sand Magic' in Ostend, Belgium June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Sand carver Sergey Aseer from Russia works on a sculpture during the Sand Sculpture Festival 'Disney Sand Magic' in Ostend, Belgium June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Sand carver Teimur Ilya Shanin from Russia works on a sculpture during the Sand Sculpture Festival 'Disney Sand Magic' in Ostend, Belgium June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

An artist works on a sculpture during the Sand Sculpture Festival 'Disney Sand Magic' in Ostend, Belgium June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Sand carver Franco Daga from Italy works on a sculpture during the Sand Sculpture Festival 'Disney Sand Magic' in Ostend, Belgium June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

An artist works on a sculpture during the Sand Sculpture Festival 'Disney Sand Magic' in Ostend, Belgium June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

OSTEND, Belgium A beach in Belgium has been transformed into a giant sandy gallery, featuring larger-than-life super heroes, cartoon characters and Cinderella's castle, for one of the world's biggest sand-sculpture festivals.

Working with 7,000 tonnes of sand, a team of 32 artists spent five weeks creating the 150 works for the Ostend Sand Sculpture Festival, which opens on Saturday and runs until September, providing rain does not wash away the exhibits.

Many of the artists work in other mediums, such as wood or marble carving, and said they found sand sculpting presented some challenges.

"What I like in the sand is that you must be very tactile while carving, I am also an ice carver and to compare with ice, the sand is very fragile," Russian artist Sergey Zaplatn told Reuters.

(Reporting by Yves Herman, writing by Mark Hanrahan in London; Editing by Toby Davis)

~_~

A worker inspects crickets at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

Biscuits made of crickets are seen at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

Crickets are shown near their nest at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

A worker shows crickets at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

Containers holding crickets in various flavours are shown at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

Containers holding crickets in various flavours are shown at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

A worker poses with a cricket between his teeth at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

A worker shows crickets at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

A worker shows crickets at a farm belonging to company 'Little Food,' which prepares and promotes food products made from crickets, in Brussels, Belgium June 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

BRUSSELS A Brussels start-up is hoping to stir a culinary revolution in Belgium by pushing crunchy crickets as a protein alternative to meat.

Eco-friendly 'Little Food' said its crickets, which can be eaten dried, in different flavors such as garlic or tomato, or turned into flour, were also friendlier on the environment compared to some cattle farming.

"For the same amount of protein as a cow for instance, they (crickets) need 25 times less food, they need 300 times less water, and they produce 60 times less greenhouse gases," Little Food cricket breeder Nikolaas Viaene said.

While eating insects is common practice in a number of countries, such as China, Ghana, Mexico and Thailand, Brussels residents seemed unsure about putting crickets on the menu.

Strolling in downtown Brussels, Efthimia Lelecas declined the offer of a cricket snack: "No, I'm not eating that," she said. "No, no, that looks awful, no, no...no."

(Reporting by Charlotte Steenackers; Editing by Patrick Johnston and Richard Balmforth)

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

LONDON Finance firms should not be forced by regulators to change location after Britain leaves the European Union in 2019, Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority told a Reuters Newsmaker event on Thursday.

Banks, insurers and asset managers based in Britain are already making contingency plans to shift some operations to continental Europe after Brexit takes effect in case access to the EU single market is closed off.

But Bailey said Britain and the EU are in a position to preserve free trade for financial services, meaning such moves need not happen.

"Firms should be able to take their own decisions on where they locate, subject to appropriate regulatory arrangements being in place which preserve the public interest," Bailey said, in his first major speech on Brexit since Britain triggered the formal EU divorce proceedings in March.

"Authorities should not dictate the location of firms," he told an audience in Canary Wharf, home to some of the world's biggest banks.

Future financial sector relations between Britain and the EU should be based on "mutual recognition" or regulatory cooperation "but not exact mirroring" of rules, Bailey said.

Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, Luxembourg and Dublin are all vying for a slice of Britain's financial services industry after Brexit. Bailey said such competition was good.

But he also said Brexit should not be used as an excuse to restrict the ability to have open markets and freedom of location.

"The roots exist to come out with sensible outcomes on this."

Some companies have already announced plans to move people to continental European locations to retain access to the EU single market. Bailey said a transition period based on current trading arrangements was needed this year.

This would avoid a "regrettable" situation whereby firms had to "press the button" on moves to the EU before they know what the outcome of Britain's negotiations with the bloc will be.

"It needs to be a sensible period," Bailey said.

Bailey questioned whether restricting trade in this way was an inevitable or necessary response to Brexit.

"When I hear people say firms need to re-locate in order to continue to benefit from access to EU financial markets, I start to seriously wonder."

NO LOCATION POLICIES

France and other EU countries, for example, want the clearing of euro denominated derivatives, which London dominates, "located" within the EU after Brexit.

"It does not require a location policy," Bailey said.

Joint oversight with the EU of clearing houses in London is "something that is very clearly preferable to the cost and risk that is introduced by a location based policy."

Such joint oversight was already working well between the UK and United States regulators in clearing, he said.

He dismissed talk in the EU that given the dominance of Britain's financial services sector, the largest in Europe, there should be specific rules for the UK, rather than the existing general regime for recognising non-EU financial firms.

"I do not accept that," Bailey said.

Non-EU financial firms from the United States, Singapore and elsewhere can currently offer their services in the EU if their home regulation is deemed by Brussels to be "equivalent" or as tough as the bloc's own rules.

This regime should be applied to Britain in the same way.

"It would not be the best outcome to adopt a special treatment for the oversight of outsourced service provision arrangements involving the UK and EU when there are already arrangements in place which can form the basis of an equivalence arrangement," Bailey said.

NO RACE TO THE BOTTOM

Britain was not interested in a "race to the bottom" in regulation after Brexit, he said.

Britain has worked hard over the years to build up relations with EU and national regulators across the bloc, he said, though he conceded that he was already being locked out of EU regulatory discussions about Brexit.

"It's perfectly reasonable ... It does not concern me."

There are already fears that asset managers in Britain will be prevented from managing funds based in the EU after Brexit, but Bailey said this longstanding cross-border "delegation" should continue.

"It works well today. There is no reason to disrupt that model," Bailey said.

Critics of Brexit have said that Britain will end up being a "rule taker", meaning it will have to copy and paste the bloc's rules into UK law if it wants to maintain access in financial services.

"I don't want to be in a situation where we become a pure rule taker," Bailey said.

For live link to Newsmaker click on reut.rs/2thSd4S

(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Jason Neely and Jane Merriman)

~_~

BRUSSELS The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier warned British ministers and businesses who are calling for "frictionless trade" with the EU after Britain leaves that is "not possible".

Addressing an EU business forum in Brussels on Thursday, Barnier said London's "red lines" for a future trade relationship meant Britain was definitely leaving the single market and the customs union, and only membership of both allowed "frictionless" trading arrangements.

But Britain will stick by its aim to get a comprehensive free trade deal and customs agreement with the EU to ensure that trade is "as frictionless as possible" once it has left the bloc, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said.

Barnier said he was unsure the EU's refusal to grant single market access piecemeal and insistence on control of standards in the single market "have been fully understood across the Channel".

"I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits - that is not possible," he said. "I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and build a customs union to achieve 'frictionless trade' – that is not possible."

Stressing that time was tight for a deal by the time Britain automatically leaves the bloc on March 30, 2019 - "time flies", he said. Barnier said he was ready to handle a failure of talks and "no deal" but that would be damaging, especially to Britain, and he saw "no reasonable justification" for it.

"A fair deal is far better than no deal," he said, turning around a phrase popularised by May that no deal is better than a bad deal.

He called for rapid agreement on priority issues in talks begun last month to build a "climate of trust" so that trade negotiations could begin as soon as possible. But in urging businesses to prepare for Brexit now, he stressed that whatever deal was done would carry "significant consequences".

"A trading relationship with a country that does not belong to the European Union obviously involves friction," Barnier said. He cited disruption to cross-border traders processing value-added tax (VAT) and a need for all EU imports of animals and animal products to be tested at borders.

Those issues are of particular concern in Ireland, where farming businesses on either side of the new UK-EU border on the island fear disruption. Barnier repeated EU willingness to make a priority of agreeing border issues on Ireland, where leaders on all sides fear a "hard" frontier could also undermine the fragile peace in the British province of Northern Ireland.

The EU's conclusion of a free trade deal with Japan on Thursday was hailed by EU leaders as a sign of what the combined economic power of the bloc can achieve - and of what Britain will miss when it leaves.

"In the context of the discussion about Brexit, we have heard statements claiming that it isn't worth being in the European Union, as it is easier to do global trade outside of the EU," European Council President Donald Tusk said.

"Today we have shown that this is not true," he said.

EU Agriculture Commissioner Phil Hogan said the deal which will open Japan to European high-value food and drink exports, "shows the importance of size in global trade negotiations".

"No individual member state could ever hope to achieve what the EU can achieve together," Hogan said.

The EU hopes it will take effect in early 2019, just when Britain is leaving. London, where Trade Secretary Liam Fox welcomed the EU-Japan deal, may seek to emulate its benefits for the likes of Britain's hugely valuable Scotch whisky exports.

(Additional reporting by Elizabeth Piper; Editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek and Louise Ireland)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Workers walk to work during the morning rush hour in the financial district of Canary Wharf in London, Britain, January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

The report from Britain's most powerful financial lobby group said continental Europe might eventually become the preferred destination for banks, insurers and asset managers as they relocate business there to retain access to the EU single market.

Although companies may begin by initially shifting a small number of jobs to Europe this may begin to accelerate when property leases expire, they carry out business reviews, or when the cost of capital becomes uneconomical.

"Shifts out of the UK may gradually erode the 'cluster effect' of the financial ecosystem, with the threat of a tipping point in the ecosystem being reached," the group said in a 83-page document outlining how the industry can thrive over the next decade.

READ MORE: Financial watchdog says firms must be free to choose location after Brexit

Securing a favourable deal for financial services from the Brexit negotiations is one of the biggest challenges for the British government because it is its largest export sector and biggest source of corporate tax.

Britain's finance industry could lose up to 38 billion pounds in revenue in a so-called "hard Brexit" that would restrict its access to the EU single market, according to some estimates.

The report said the government must ensure businesses can recruit people to fill skill gaps and must simplify the process of getting a visa.

Brexit has already made it harder to attract people to Britain and the government is introducing policies making immigration more restrictive and expensive, the report said.

It said the cost of hiring an employee on a five-year visa has risen by 250 percent to 7,000 pounds over the last year and the minimum salary a business may recruit staff for a visa has risen by almost half since 2015.

Aside from Brexit, the report also looks at broader issues that threaten the competitiveness of the City of London as financial services hub, including a need to invest in transport networks and technology.

READ MORE: Ominous signs from British firms, but euro zone loses momentum too

It calls for government and financial services to work together closely to develop international trade policies and to improve the country's digital and physical infrastructure, including speeding up travel times between airports and different financial centres around Britain.

One financial services industry veteran who had independent access to the report said it lacked urgency and there was too little on the impact of Britain leaving the EU given that "Brexit is a catastrophe for the City."

Mark Hoban, a former financial services minister who chaired the report, said that Brexit was only one of several challenges facing financial services.

"The challenges facing financial services are much more than just about Brexit. It is about emerging financial centres and also, to a degree, about unmet needs in the UK as well," Hoban told Reuters.

"There is a very clear appetite to tackle these issues at various levels of government."

(Reporting By Andrew MacAskill and Huw Jones. Editing by Jane Merriman)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Police vehicles are seen outside the Manchester Arena, where U.S. singer Ariana Grande had been performing in Manchester, northern England, Britain, May 23, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Super

LONDON British police believe that other people could have been involved in a suicide bomb attack in Manchester that killed 22 people at a pop concert in May, and further arrests could be made, Sky News reported on Thursday, citing local police.

"We do believe that there are other people potentially involved in this. We don't believe it's a large network, we do believe there may be other arrests in the future," Sky News quoted Russ Jackson, head of counter terrorism policing in the north west of England, as saying.

Manchester police were not immediately able to confirm the comments, which were made at a media briefing.

(Reporting by William James, editing by Andy Bruce)

~_~

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist carries a poster as he arrives at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

BERLIN Germany is concerned that U.S. President Donald Trump could start a trade war with Europe, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday ahead of a G20 summit in the port city of Hamburg.

"There are things that cause great concern that the United States start a trade war with Europe," Gabriel told Deutschlandfunk radio without elaborating. He added Berlin would continue to seek through dialogue a situation in which Germany and the U.S. could act together.

Having returned from a multi-day trip to the Gulf region, Gabriel also said that there was currently no risk of a military escalation in the Qatar crisis and that there was progress.

(Reporting by Christian Rüttger; Writing by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Maria Sheahan)

~_~

LONDON British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser trimmed its sales forecasts on Thursday, becoming one of the first companies to put a cost on a global cyber attack that disrupted its manufacturing and distribution.

Several major multinational companies, along with Russia's biggest oil firm and Ukrainian banks, were hit by a virus on June 27 that crippled computers, disrupting ports from Mumbai to Los Angeles and halting production at factories.

Reckitt Benckiser, which makes Dettol and Lysol disinfectants, Harpic cleaners and Durex condoms, said it estimated like-for-like revenue in the second quarter would fall 2 percent from a year earlier because of the attack.

The virus hit output at many of the company's more than 60 factories, as well as affecting orders, billing and shipping. Excluding that impact, and tax changes in India that hurt sales to a lesser extent, second-quarter sales would have been flat, the company said.

Reckitt's shares fell as much as 3.2 percent on Thursday to their lowest since May 19. The shares were 1.4 percent lower at 0858 GMT.

The cyber blindside came at a bad time for Reckitt Benckiser after its weakest performance in 15 years in the first quarter, when a collapse of its business in South Korea and a failed Scholl product innovation left sales unchanged..

Reckitt Benckiser has described 2017 as a "tale of two halves", saying the second half would improve as comparisons with the same period a year earlier get easier.

But it said on Thursday that like-for-like annual sales would now only increase 2 percent, instead of 3 percent.

Liberum analysts said Reckitt needs 5 percent sales growth in the second half to hit that target and that "may still prove ambitious in light of lingering effects from the cyber attack, Indian tax and competitive end markets".

PRODUCTION LOSSES

Following years of strong performances, Reckitt has a reputation for acquiring businesses and boosting sales by launching new products. But several sluggish quarters and its acquisition of baby formula maker Mead Johnson have raised questions about its strategy.

"We remain negative on the acquisition of Mead Johnson from a strategic, operational and financial point of view whereas organically we see signs of innovation fatigue meaning that there isn't anything obvious to offset the slowdown of the failed Scholl Express Pedi innovation," said analysts at RBC, affirming their "Underperform" rating.

Prior to the takeover deal, which closed last month, Mead Johnson's shares had fallen by a third over the past two years, as it has lost market share in China due to increased competition and changing consumer habits.

Reckitt Benckiser said the June cyber attack had disrupted its ability to manufacture and distribute products to customers in multiple markets, hitting its global supply chain.

"Consequently, we were unable to ship and invoice some orders to customers prior to the close of the quarter."

It said some of factories were still not operating normally, but that some of the revenue lost in the second quarter would be recovered in the current third quarter.

"However, the continued production difficulties in some factories mean that we also expect to lose some further revenue permanently," it said.

A company spokeswoman said she anticipated that all its factories would be running at some level by the end of the week.

"We expect an impact both on top line, through disruption to production, order handling and logistics, and margin, through the need to upgrade systems and recover data," Investec analysts said.

(Editing by Jason Neely and David Clarke)

~_~

File Photo: A gas cooker is seen in Boroughbridge, northern England in this November 13, 2012 file photograph. REUTERS/Nigel Roddis/File Photo

LONDON Britain's energy market regulator Ofgem has launched an investigation into British Gas' switching terms, it said on Thursday.

The inquiry will examine whether Centrica-owned (CNA.L) British Gas breached licence conditions relating to its obligations to domestic customers who switch to another supplier.

The inquiry comes after consumer affairs website Moneysaving Expert raised concerns about the issue, Ofgem said in a statement.

Ofgem licence conditions state that suppliers should not charge termination fees for any switch that takes place within the 49-day "switching period" before the expiry of a fixed-term contract, the regulator said.

(Reporting by Nina Chestney; editing by Jason Neely)

~_~

A Greek national flag and a European Union flag flutter under storm clouds in Athens May 28, 2015. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis

ATHENS Greece's economy will grow by 1.5 percent or slightly lower this year, the leading IOBE think tank forecast on Thursday, sticking to a previous forecast in April.

IOBE projects slower economic growth this year compared to the 1.8 percent forecast by the government. The government had also lowered its projections because delays in concluding its latest bailout review had increased uncertainty.

The conclusion of the review last month would help restart stalled investments, the think tank said in its quarterly report.

IOBE expects Greece's unemployment rate, the euro zone's highest, to continue to decline for the fourth consecutive year in 2017 to 22.2 percent, but at a slower pace than last year.

(Reporting by Lefteris Papadimas; Writing by Karolina Tagaris)

~_~

BRUSSELS The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier warned British ministers and businesses who are calling for "frictionless trade" with the EU after Britain leaves that is "not possible".

Addressing an EU business forum in Brussels on Thursday, Barnier said London's "red lines" for a future trade relationship meant Britain was definitely leaving the single market and the customs union, and only membership of both allowed "frictionless" trading arrangements.

But Britain will stick by its aim to get a comprehensive free trade deal and customs agreement with the EU to ensure that trade is "as frictionless as possible" once it has left the bloc, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said.

Barnier said he was unsure the EU's refusal to grant single market access piecemeal and insistence on control of standards in the single market "have been fully understood across the Channel".

"I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits - that is not possible," he said. "I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and build a customs union to achieve 'frictionless trade' – that is not possible."

Stressing that time was tight for a deal by the time Britain automatically leaves the bloc on March 30, 2019 - "time flies", he said. Barnier said he was ready to handle a failure of talks and "no deal" but that would be damaging, especially to Britain, and he saw "no reasonable justification" for it.

"A fair deal is far better than no deal," he said, turning around a phrase popularised by May that no deal is better than a bad deal.

He called for rapid agreement on priority issues in talks begun last month to build a "climate of trust" so that trade negotiations could begin as soon as possible. But in urging businesses to prepare for Brexit now, he stressed that whatever deal was done would carry "significant consequences".

"A trading relationship with a country that does not belong to the European Union obviously involves friction," Barnier said. He cited disruption to cross-border traders processing value-added tax (VAT) and a need for all EU imports of animals and animal products to be tested at borders.

Those issues are of particular concern in Ireland, where farming businesses on either side of the new UK-EU border on the island fear disruption. Barnier repeated EU willingness to make a priority of agreeing border issues on Ireland, where leaders on all sides fear a "hard" frontier could also undermine the fragile peace in the British province of Northern Ireland.

The EU's conclusion of a free trade deal with Japan on Thursday was hailed by EU leaders as a sign of what the combined economic power of the bloc can achieve - and of what Britain will miss when it leaves.

"In the context of the discussion about Brexit, we have heard statements claiming that it isn't worth being in the European Union, as it is easier to do global trade outside of the EU," European Council President Donald Tusk said.

"Today we have shown that this is not true," he said.

EU Agriculture Commissioner Phil Hogan said the deal which will open Japan to European high-value food and drink exports, "shows the importance of size in global trade negotiations".

"No individual member state could ever hope to achieve what the EU can achieve together," Hogan said.

The EU hopes it will take effect in early 2019, just when Britain is leaving. London, where Trade Secretary Liam Fox welcomed the EU-Japan deal, may seek to emulate its benefits for the likes of Britain's hugely valuable Scotch whisky exports.

(Additional reporting by Elizabeth Piper; Editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek and Louise Ireland)

~_~

Britain's Secretary of State for International Trade, Liam Fox, arrives in Downing Street for a cabinet meeting, London, Britain July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

LONDON British trade minister Liam Fox welcomed a free trade pact between the European Union and Japan on Thursday, urging the two sides to maintain momentum as they finalise details of the deal.

European Council President Donald Tusk said on Thursday the agreement was concluded at a meeting with visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.

Signed in Brussels, the "political agreement" is heavy with symbolism and leaves some areas of negotiation still to finish, though officials insist key snags were overcome this week.

"I am pleased to see encouraging progress on such an ambitious trading agreement. I urge both sides to maintain momentum as they work towards a swift conclusion of this deal," Fox said in a statement.

(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, editing by Elizabeth Piper)

~_~

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (C) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk (L) and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Walschaerts/Pool

BRUSSELS Japan and the European Union agreed on Thursday to a free trade pact, signalling their opposition to what they see as U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist turn.

Signed in Brussels on the eve of meetings with Trump at a G20 summit in Hamburg, the "political agreement" between two of the world's biggest economies is heavy with symbolism and leaves some areas of negotiation still to finish, though officials insist the key snags were overcome this week.

"We promised to do everything in our power to conclude political and trade talks between Japan and the European Union on the eve of the G20 summit. And we did it," European Council President Donald Tusk told a news conference.

In the works for four years, what will be known as the EU-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement, has been pushed over the line towards a final treaty signature in the coming months by the election of Trump and his moves to ditch a Pacific trade pact that included Japan and leave talks with the EU in limbo.

Fears of cheaper import competition for European carmakers and Japanese dairy producers were among the thorniest issues, but officials said they shared alarm at Trump's apparent shift away from multilateral open trading systems towards an aggressive "America First" policy.

"Together, we are sending a strong message to the world that we stand for open and fair trade. As far as we are concerned, there is no protection in protectionism," European Commission President Jean Claude Juncker said.

Tariffs on much of their bilateral trade will be phased out over some years and other areas of commerce, such as Japan's public tender system, will be opened up.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that with 40 percent of world trade, the EU and Japan would form the world's biggest open economic area, accounting for a third of global economic output.

One detail still to be ironed out in the coming months is how disputes arising from the treaty will be settled -- a touchy subject in Europe due to concerns that such pacts give too much power to big business.

The accord, EU and Japanese officials say, will boost trade and jobs. The European Union currently exports nearly 90 billion euros ($100 billion) of goods and services to Japan.

(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald, Robert-Jan Bartunek and Elizabeth Miles Editing Alissa de Carbonnel/Jeremy Gaunt)

~_~

German Minister for Economic Affairs and Energy, Brigitte Zypries speaks during an interview with Reuters in Berlin, Germany June 16, 2017. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

BERLIN The political agreement between Japan and the European Union on a free trade pact sends an important signal against protectionism on the eve of the G20 summit in Hamburg, German Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said on Thursday.

"The agreement shows that trade deals for open markets can be concluded with mutual interests. Globalisation needs rules, and trade agreements contribute to this," Zypries said in a statement.

The EU's active and committed trade policy is the right way to shape globalisation and strengthen the high standards of the EU in the areas of ​​employment, environment and consumer protection around the world, Zypries added.

"Of course, a number of issues and open questions are still to be clarified after the basic agreement, in order to be able to conclude the negotiations completely by the end of the year."

Japan and the EU agreed on Thursday to a free trade pact, signalling their opposition to what they see as U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist turn.

(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Madeline Chambers)

~_~

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (L) shakes hands with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at the end of a EU-JAPAN summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

TOKYO Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday welcomed political agreement on free trade with European Union, saying that the accord demonstrated both regions' will to counter a rising tide of protectionism.

At a joint news conference with EU leaders in Brussels, Abe said the deal would give a big impact on global economy as it came just a day before a G20 leaders' summit in Hamburg, in which trade is high on agenda amid protectionism.

He said the trade pact provides a "win-win" situation for both Japan and Europe, benefiting consumers of the both regions.

Abe said the bilateral trade deal holds as high a level of quality as the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, and that it should encourage early enactment of the TPP after President Donald Trump decided to pull the U.S. out of it.

Japan and EU also agreed North Korea poses a common threat that the both sides should tackle as a matter of utmost urgency, he added.

(Reporting by Tetsushi Kajimoto and Kaori Kaneko; Editing by Richard Borsuk)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A woman walks out of the headquarters of the People's Bank of China (PBOC), the central bank, in Beijing November 20, 2013. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo

BEIJING China's central bank said on Thursday that it will strengthen the ability to adjust interest rates and improve efficiency of its medium-term lending facility (MLF), standing lending facility (SLF) and reverse repos operations.

The People's Bank of China has been relying more on market-based policy tools, including the MLF, SLF and repurchase agreements to adjust liquidity and market interest rates, while keeping its benchmark interest rates steady.

"We will deepen market-based interest rate reform, constantly improve the formation, regulation and transmission mechanism of market-based interest rates, and enhance the central bank's ability to adjust interest rates," the PBOC said in a report on financial market development in 2016,

The PBOC adopted a modest tightening stance at the start of this year, guiding interest rates higher during the first quarter, including immediately after the Federal Reserve raised U.S. rates in March.

But the central bank did not hike following a Fed rate rise in June, and it injected substantial liquidity last month to help avoid a end-quarter cash crunch amid a deleveraging drive.

The central bank also said it will increase yuan flexibility versus dollar, actively guide and stabilize market expectations and balance cross-border capital flows.

The PBOC said on Tuesday that it would continue to implement a prudent and neutral monetary policy, and keep liquidity in China's financial system basically stable.

China will study and steadily push financial regulatory reform and improve the stability of financial institutions, as well as appropriately deal with some high-risk institutions this year, the central bank said.

Chinese leaders will hold the National Financial Work Conference, a five-yearly meeting, in mid-July to discuss financial regulatory reforms, financial safety and other issues, the financial magazine Caixin reported on Wednesday.

(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk and Kevin Yao; Editing by Richard Borsuk)

~_~

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un reacts with scientists and technicians of the DPRK Academy of Defence Science after the test-launch of the intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14. KCNA/via REUTERS

Chinese Ambassador to the United Nations Liu Jieyi addresses the U.N. Security Council as it meets to discuss the recent ballistic missile launch by North Korea at U.N. headquarters in New York, U.S., July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar

BEIJING Chinese President Xi Jinping urged a peaceful resolution of tension over North Korean on Thursday, telling his South Korean counterpart that China is committed to denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula.

The United States said on Wednesday it was ready to use force if need be to stop North Korea's nuclear missile programme but said it preferred global diplomatic action against it for defying world powers by test launching a ballistic missile that could hit Alaska.

Meeting in Germany ahead of a G20 summit, Xi told South Korean President Moon Jae-in that China upheld maintaining the peace and stability of the peninsula, and that all sides should strictly abide by U.N. Security Council resolutions, China's state news agency Xinhua reported.

China supported the new South Korean government's efforts to restart dialogue and contacts with North Korea, Xi said, adding that the international community should work together to play a positive role to ease tension.

Ties between China and South Korea have soured over the basing in South Korea of an advanced U.S. anti-missile system China sees as a threat to its own security, despite Washington and Seoul saying it is purely to defend against North Korea.

Xi told Moon that China did not want to see the "difficulties" that have been present in relations of late, and that South Korea should "clear obstacles" to bilateral ties and pay attention to China's "legitimate concerns".

The news agency did not elaborate.

Taking a major step in its missile programme, North Korea on Tuesday test launched an intercontinental ballistic missile that some experts believe has the range to reach the U.S. states of Alaska and Hawaii and perhaps the U.S. Pacific Northwest.

North Korea says the missile could carry a large nuclear warhead.

The missile test is a direct challenge to U.S. President Donald Trump, who has vowed to prevent North Korea from being able to hit the United States with a nuclear missile.

He has frequently urged China to press the leaders of isolated North Korea to give up their nuclear programme, and on Wednesday he denounced China's trade with its defiant neighbour.

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang, speaking in Beijing earlier on Thursday, said China fully implemented UN resolutions on North Korea.

As a neighbour, China had "normal" trade relations with North Korea and U.N. resolutions were clear that they were not intended to impact upon "livelihood and humanitarian needs", he added.

(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Toby Chopra, Robert Birsel)

~_~

LONDON Britain summoned North Korea's ambassador to condemn the country's latest missile launch, the Foreign Office said on Thursday, calling on Pyongyang to give up its pursuit of nuclear and ballistic missiles.

"The actions of the DPRK are a direct violation of multiple Security Council resolutions and are a threat to regional and international security," Foreign Office minister Mark Field said.

"I call on the North Korean regime to change course and focus on the welfare of its people, instead of the illegal pursuit of its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes."

The meeting took place on Wednesday.

(Reporting by William James; Editing by William Schomberg)

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

LONDON Finance firms should not be forced by regulators to change location after Britain leaves the European Union in 2019, Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority told a Reuters Newsmaker event on Thursday.

Banks, insurers and asset managers based in Britain are already making contingency plans to shift some operations to continental Europe after Brexit takes effect in case access to the EU single market is closed off.

But Bailey said Britain and the EU are in a position to preserve free trade for financial services, meaning such moves need not happen.

"Firms should be able to take their own decisions on where they locate, subject to appropriate regulatory arrangements being in place which preserve the public interest," Bailey said, in his first major speech on Brexit since Britain triggered the formal EU divorce proceedings in March.

"Authorities should not dictate the location of firms," he told an audience in Canary Wharf, home to some of the world's biggest banks.

Future financial sector relations between Britain and the EU should be based on "mutual recognition" or regulatory cooperation "but not exact mirroring" of rules, Bailey said.

Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, Luxembourg and Dublin are all vying for a slice of Britain's financial services industry after Brexit. Bailey said such competition was good.

But he also said Brexit should not be used as an excuse to restrict the ability to have open markets and freedom of location.

"The roots exist to come out with sensible outcomes on this."

Some companies have already announced plans to move people to continental European locations to retain access to the EU single market. Bailey said a transition period based on current trading arrangements was needed this year.

This would avoid a "regrettable" situation whereby firms had to "press the button" on moves to the EU before they know what the outcome of Britain's negotiations with the bloc will be.

"It needs to be a sensible period," Bailey said.

Bailey questioned whether restricting trade in this way was an inevitable or necessary response to Brexit.

"When I hear people say firms need to re-locate in order to continue to benefit from access to EU financial markets, I start to seriously wonder."

NO LOCATION POLICIES

France and other EU countries, for example, want the clearing of euro denominated derivatives, which London dominates, "located" within the EU after Brexit.

"It does not require a location policy," Bailey said.

Joint oversight with the EU of clearing houses in London is "something that is very clearly preferable to the cost and risk that is introduced by a location based policy."

Such joint oversight was already working well between the UK and United States regulators in clearing, he said.

He dismissed talk in the EU that given the dominance of Britain's financial services sector, the largest in Europe, there should be specific rules for the UK, rather than the existing general regime for recognising non-EU financial firms.

"I do not accept that," Bailey said.

Non-EU financial firms from the United States, Singapore and elsewhere can currently offer their services in the EU if their home regulation is deemed by Brussels to be "equivalent" or as tough as the bloc's own rules.

This regime should be applied to Britain in the same way.

"It would not be the best outcome to adopt a special treatment for the oversight of outsourced service provision arrangements involving the UK and EU when there are already arrangements in place which can form the basis of an equivalence arrangement," Bailey said.

NO RACE TO THE BOTTOM

Britain was not interested in a "race to the bottom" in regulation after Brexit, he said.

Britain has worked hard over the years to build up relations with EU and national regulators across the bloc, he said, though he conceded that he was already being locked out of EU regulatory discussions about Brexit.

"It's perfectly reasonable ... It does not concern me."

There are already fears that asset managers in Britain will be prevented from managing funds based in the EU after Brexit, but Bailey said this longstanding cross-border "delegation" should continue.

"It works well today. There is no reason to disrupt that model," Bailey said.

Critics of Brexit have said that Britain will end up being a "rule taker", meaning it will have to copy and paste the bloc's rules into UK law if it wants to maintain access in financial services.

"I don't want to be in a situation where we become a pure rule taker," Bailey said.

For live link to Newsmaker click on reut.rs/2thSd4S

(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Jason Neely and Jane Merriman)

~_~

MARAWI CITY, Philippines Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte was preparing to make a deal with Islamic State-inspired militants in the days after they laid siege to a southern city, but aborted the plan without explanation, an intermediary involved in the process said.

Agakhan Sharief, a prominent Muslim leader, told Reuters that after a band of Islamist fighters overran parts of Marawi City on May 23 and took hundreds of people hostage, he was approached by a senior Duterte aide to use his connections with the Maute militant group's leaders to start back-channel talks.

Two other Marawi sources familiar with the matter confirmed the president had worked behind the scenes to hold talks with the Maute brothers, Omarkhayam and Abdullah.

However, the process was halted when Duterte in a May 31 speech declared he "will not talk to terrorists".

It was not immediately clear what prompted Duterte's about-face. It came five days after another televised speech in which he told the militants "we can still solve this through dialogue", but if he could not convince them of that, "so be it. Let's just fight".

"The problem with our president, his mind is changing always," said Sharief, a cleric who has had roles in various peace agreements on the long-restive southern island of Mindanao. "He announced he will no longer talk to terrorists and that made our negotiations cut."

Duterte's top peace envoy Jesus Dureza said he was unaware of any back-channel talks, while his national security adviser, Hermogenes Esperon said it was unlikely Duterte had reached out to the Maute group.

"Why will he talk to the terrorists?" Esperon said.

Despite his tough rhetoric and frequent promises to wipe out militants, Duterte has a reputation as a peace-broker, having dealt with separatist and Marxist rebellions during his 22 years as mayor of Davao City in Mindanao, an island of 22 million with a long history of unrest.

DUTERTE'S BIGGEST CRISIS

The battle for control of Marawi has been the biggest crisis of Duterte's year-old presidency.

Fighters from the Maute group and others loyal to Islamic State have been holed up in the commercial district of the town through more than 40 days of air strikes, artillery bombardments and fierce street clashes with troops.

More than 400 people have been killed, including 337 militants, 85 members of the security forces, and 44 civilians. Some 260,000 residents have been displaced by a siege that has fanned regional fears that Islamic State is trying to establish a stronghold in Southeast Asia.

Battle for Marawi: tmsnrt.rs/2sqmHDf

Marawi Mayor Majul Usman Gandamra confirmed that back-channel talks did start but said he was not privy to details.

He told Reuters the process failed because the rebels did not show good faith or reduce the intensity of attacks on government forces after Duterte offered them an olive branch.

"There was a window of opportunity," he said. "But there was no show of sincerity."

REBELS 'CONVINCED'

Sharief, known locally as "Bin Laden" due to his resemblance to the late al Qaeda leader, would not reveal the identity of Duterte's aide, whom he said was confidentially assigned to set up a meeting with the Maute clan.

He said the aide agreed that Sharief would accompany the Maute brothers' influential mother, Farhana, by helicopter to meet Duterte in nearby Cagayan De Oro or Davao City.

Sharief said her sons who requested she represent them in talks with Duterte.

"He (Duterte's aide) prepared everything that I needed. I told him that I need a chopper to get the mother of the Maute brothers to bring her to the president. He prepared that."

"I called the Maute brothers and their mother ... I told them, I convinced them."

Sharief said the president was prepared to offer the Maute clan implementation of Sharia law in their hometown, Butig, if he achieves his goal of establishing a federal system in the Philippines. Reuters could not independently verify that such a proposal had been made.

The talks with the Maute group did not go ahead and the mother was arrested on June 9 elsewhere in the same province as Marawi. The Maute brothers' father, Cayamora Maute, was apprehended three days earlier in Davao City.

The cleric said that the rebels would have taken Duterte's deal to end the siege.

"They agreed, they supported this," said Sharief, who last met with Abdullah Maute on June 25, when he led a group of emissaries into the heart of Marawi to free some hostages during the Eid al-Fitr Islamic holiday.

Sharief, who owns four private schools in Marawi, some of which were badly damaged by the fighting, said he was against the radical ideology of Islamic State. But he said he was reluctant to speak out against the Maute clan because he still hoped he could convince them to end the siege.

"I am a peacemaker," he said. "I cannot negotiate anymore if I talk against them."

(Additional reporting by Manuel Mogato in MANILA; Editing by John Chalmers and Bill Tarrant)

~_~

Air travelers stand at an American Airlines check-in gate at LaGuardia Airport in New York, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

DUBLIN Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker said on Thursday the Doha-based carrier would soon start buying shares in American Airlines (AAL.O) "depending on the share price."

The state-owned company notified American Airlines last month that it was interested in buying up to 10 percent of its shares.

Al-Baker told reporters in Dublin that Qatar Airways would buy up to 4.75 percent, despite a cool response given last month by the American Airlines CEO to its plan, once it has regulatory approval.

(Writing by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Editing by Greg Mahlich)

~_~

Global demand for air travel rose 7.7 percent in May as almost all regions, excluding the Middle East and North America, posted record-high May load factors, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said on Thursday.

Middle East carriers had a 3.7 percent rise in demand in May compared to a year ago, close to an eight-year low, with IATA saying that reflected the ban on large portable electronics devices in the cabin from 10 airports in the region to the United States, plus uncertainty over President Trump's proposed travel bans.

Qatar Airways on Thursday joined Emirates [EMIRA.UL], Turkish Airlines (THYAO.IS) and Etihad in saying the ban had been lifted.

Overall, IATA said global capacity measured in available seat kilometers rose 6.1 percent, slower than demand. That meant load factors - a measure of how full planes are - increased 1.2 percentage points to 80.1 percent, which IATA said was a record for the month.

"The rising price of fuel and other input costs is likely to see airlines' ability to stimulate markets with lower fares taper over the coming months," IATA Director General Alexandre de Juniac said.

(Reporting by Daria Kowalewska; Editing by Victoria Bryan)

~_~

HONG KONG Tencent Holdings' (0700.HK) online publishing subsidiary has sought a waiver from Hong Kong listing rules to allow it to withhold shareholding information of some executives, drawing criticism from corporate governance advocates.

China Literature Ltd requested the unusual exemption from the Hong Kong bourse, saying revealing the three executives' stakes "would attract unnecessary attention amongst Tencent's employees and would likely create an unfavorable and political working environment which would significantly distort Tencent's workplace culture and distract them from their business duties within [Tencent] as well as their duties as directors of our

Company."

The online publisher filed for a Hong Kong IPO on Monday. The three executives are its board members and would have to disclose their stakes in Tencent as per the city's listing rules. The waiver request will now be vetted by the listing committee of the Hong Kong stock exchange.

"That's an outrageous waiver request, and I hope that the listing committee will reject it," said David Webb, Hong Kong's leading investor activist and a former director of the Hong Kong stock exchange. "It is the thin end of a nasty wedge if the listing committee allows companies not to disclose directors' shareholdings in their parent company."

Jamie Allen, secretary general of the Asian Corporate Governance Association, said it would set a bad precedent to grant the exception.

Tencent, China Literature and the Hong Kong bourse didn't immediately reply to Reuters requests for comment.

China Literature asked for a waiver so it doesn't have to reveal the stakes held in Tencent by James Gordon Mitchell, a former Goldman Sachs banker and Tencent's chief strategy officer; Cheng Wu, CEO of Tencent Pictures; and Lin Haifeng, general manager of the merger and acquisitions department at Tencent Science & Technology (Shenzhen) Co.

The three are non-executive directors in China Literature's nine-member board, with Mitchell also acting as chairman.

They hold "an insignificant percentage of share capital" in Tencent, the filing added. But with a market capitalization of nearly $330 billion, even a tiny stake in China's biggest social network and online entertainment firm would make the executives multi-millionaires.

In its 2016 annual report Tencent disclosed the stakes held by Chairman Ma Huateng, also known as Pony Ma, President Lau Chi Ping Martin, or Martin Lau, and four independent non-executive directors. The value of the stakes ranged from $29 billion for Ma to as low as $126,348 for one of the independent directors.

As in most markets, shareholders owning 5 percent or more of any stock must be disclosed to the Hong Kong stock exchange and under listing rules IPO candidates must also reveal the interests and short positions their board directors hold in the issuer itself or "associated corporations."

Publicly listed companies must also disclose the interests and short positions of their CEOs and all directors in shares and debentures in the companies themselves or associated corporations under a separate rule, the Securities and Futures Ordinance (SFO).

That means even if China Literature were granted the waiver, it would still have to reveal the stakes at a later date.

"The listing committee has no powers to waive SFO obligations, so as soon as the company is listed, they would have to file disclosures, which will be available to the public," investor Webb added. "So not including them in the prospectus would only delay disclosure."

(Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A protester holds a candle next to a portrait of Chinese Nobel rights activist Liu Xiaobo demanding his release, during Chinese President Xi Jinping visiting, ahead of 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June... REUTERS/Tyrone Siu

BEIJING The liver function of China's Nobel Peace Prize winning dissident Liu Xiaobo has worsened, a hospital said on Thursday, while the government reiterated its hopes that other countries do not use Liu's case to interfere in its affairs.

Liu, 61, was jailed for 11 years in 2009 for "inciting subversion of state power" after he helped write a petition known as "Charter 08" calling for sweeping political reforms.

He was recently moved from jail to a hospital in the city of Shenyang for treatment of late stage liver cancer.

Liu has been being treated for various conditions as side effects of his cancer, including a build up of fluid in his stomach caused by liver scarring.

"Liu Xiaobo's liver function has worsened, his bilirubin levels are gradually rising," the hospital said in a statement, referring to a substance produced by the liver, high levels of which can indicate liver failure.

Asked about Liu's condition on Thursday, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said he had nothing new to add and reiterated that China hoped other countries would not use "individual cases" to interfere in China's internal affairs.

A liver expert from Beijing, Mao Yilei, had come to Shenyang to lead a consultation on Liu's condition, the hospital said.

The team decided to adjust his treatment plan and the family said they understood, the hospital said, without providing details.

The city justice department said on Wednesday the hospital had invited doctors from the United States and Germany to help with Liu's treatment.

President Xi Jinping is due to attend a summit of the Group of 20 nations in Hamburg, Germany, on Friday and Saturday, where he will seek to project Chinese leadership on issues such as climate change and free trade.

Diplomatic sources in Beijing say China has been nervous the issue over the Nobel Peace Prize winner could overshadow Xi's appearance.

Rights group Amnesty International said the move appeared in part "an attempt to limit international criticism" even as the government continued to refuse to allow Liu to be treated overseas.

(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Clarence Fernandez, Robert Birsel)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A protester holds a candle next to a portrait of Chinese Nobel rights activist Liu Xiaobo demanding his release, during Chinese President Xi Jinping visiting, ahead of 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu

FILE PHOTO: Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo is seen in this undated photo released by his families. Handout via REUTERS/File Photo

FILE PHOTO: A protester holds a portrait of Chinese Nobel rights activist Liu Xiaobo as she step on portraits of Chinese President Xi Jinping during a candlelight vigil demanding the release of Liu, ahead of 20th anniversary of the city's handover from British to Chinese rule, in Hong Kong, China June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo

BEIJING China invited medical experts from the United States and Germany to help treat dissident Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo for cancer, a local government announced on Wednesday, in a softening of its stance ahead of this week's G20 summit in Germany.

Liu, 61, was jailed for 11 years in 2009 for "inciting subversion of state power" after he helped write a petition known as "Charter 08" calling for sweeping political reforms.

He was recently moved from jail to a hospital to be treated for late-stage liver cancer.

The hospital, in the northeastern city of Shenyang, made the decision at the request of the family and in consultation with the doctors already treating him, the Shenyang Bureau of Justice said in a short statement on its website.

It provided no other details. Officials who picked up the telephone at the hospital said they were unaware of the case.

A German government spokesman confirmed that a German doctor was part of the team treating Liu and that Berlin was in close contact with the Chinese government on the issue.

"The Chinese government told us yesterday about their willingness to allow treatment for Mr Liu including access to foreign doctors, including a German specialist," government spokesman Steffen Seibert told reporters in Berlin.

"We very much welcome this and are still pushing for a humanitarian solution," Seibert said.

A source close to Liu's family said the invitation was a positive step that greatly increased transparency around Liu's illness and the chance that he would receive the best possible treatment available.

"The fact that they specially chose the U.S. and Germany suggests that the authorities are considering allowing Liu to travel to one of these two countries," the source said, although there were still questions about how the doctors would be chosen and what access they would have.

Asked if the move would lead to Liu leaving the country, Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told a regular briefing: "We hope other countries can respect China's judicial sovereignty and not meddle in China's internal affairs."

TIME "RUNNING OUT"

Rights group Amnesty International said the move appeared in part "an attempt to limit international criticism" even as the government continued to refuse to allow Liu to be treated overseas.

"Time is running out for Liu Xiaobo," said Salil Shetty, Amnesty's secretary general.

"It is not too late for the authorities to end this cruel farce. They must let Liu Xiaobo and his wife, Liu Xia, travel abroad to get the medical treatment he so desperately needs."

The U.S. embassy in Beijing declined to comment. Newly appointed U.S. Ambassador to China Terry Branstad said last week the United States would like to see Liu treated elsewhere for his cancer.

The move comes ahead of President Xi Jinping's attendance at a summit of the Group of 20 nations in Hamburg, Germany, on Friday and Saturday, where Xi will seek to project Chinese leadership on issues such as climate change and free trade.Diplomatic sources in Beijing say China has been nervous the issue over the Nobel Peace Prize winner could overshadow Xi's appearance.

An open letter by a coalition of rights groups, including those representing Tibetans and Uighurs, on Wednesday urged G20 leaders to press China for the unconditional release of Liu and his freedom to travel.

"Liu Xiaobo's 2010 Nobel Peace Prize illuminated the human and political rights of the people under China's rule, and created a real sense of hope," the coalition said.

"We urge you not to let that sense of hope fade."

The government has said Liu is getting the best care possible and is being treated by renowned Chinese cancer experts.

However, a growing number of Western politicians and international rights activists have expressed concern about the quality of Liu's treatment and say he should be given the choice to leave China if that was the best option.

United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein has met Chinese officials regarding Liu, a spokeswomen said on Tuesday.

Chinese authorities told diplomats from Germany, the United States and the European Union on Friday that Liu could not be moved abroad due to his condition, sources briefed on the matter have told Reuters.

(Additional reporting by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Paul Tait and Gareth Jones)

~_~

Turkey's Minister for EU Affairs Omer Celik reacts during an interview with Reuters in Ankara, Turkey, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas

ANKARA Turkey rejects any proposals to drop European Union accession talks in favour of cooperation in other areas, its EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday ahead of a European Parliament vote on suspending Turkey's membership bid.

Speaking during a visit to Ankara by EU enlargement commissioner Johannes Hahn, Celik said it was wrong for EU lawmakers to call for the suspension of Turkey's membership talks, adding such approaches would benefit neither side.

"We reject with the back of our hand any proposals that there should be strong cooperation between Turkey and the EU in other areas instead of accession talks," Celik told reporters.

On Wednesday, EU lawmakers called for a suspension of Turkey's membership talks with the European Union, saying President Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown on opponents meant Ankara did not meet the bloc's democratic criteria.

A vote on the proposal is expected to pass comfortably on Thursday, but the parliament has limited influence on the issue. The European Commission and EU governments have ignored calls for a formal suspension of a process already in limbo.

Turkey's ties with its European allies have deteriorated since last July's abortive putsch, with Turkey accusing some European states of not showing enough support.

"The European Parliament has failed in its solidarity with Turkey following the coup attempt. We had expected strong support, but the call to end membership talks instead is wrong," Celik said.

Relations soured further in the run-up to an April 16 referendum that narrowly handed Erdogan sweeping presidential powers, as tensions between Turkey and the bloc escalated when some European states barred Turkish ministers from delivering speeches to drum up support ahead of the vote.

In an interview on Wednesday, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told Reuters that Turkey was not responsible for the escalation of tensions between the two sides.

"Europe displaying inappropriate behaviour towards Turkey is not a situation we can accept. Being against our President Erdogan is also not a rational stance from Europe. Europe must decide: ... do they really want to enlarge?" Kurtulmus said.

EU commissioner Hahn said he hoped the interaction between the two sides would lead to a higher level of political dialogue.

"I don't know what will be decided, but I have to stress that the European Parliament is one of the institutions elected by the European citizens. Members of the European Parliament represent the view of their voters," Hahn said.

Kurtulmus said he believed sincere negotiations between the two parties would help resolve issues, and that Europe should take notice of the helping hand Turkey has extended.

EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan and his behaviour towards opponents, both before and after the abortive coup. But they do not want to undermine an agreement struck last year whereby Turkey effectively stopped migrants reaching Greece, easing a crisis that had threatened EU unity.

Celik said Turkey had noted the bloc's criticism regarding its judiciary and freedom of press and expression, but added the EU was blocking the process by not opening new chapters.

(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Daren Butler and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Dominic Evans and Toby Chopra)

~_~

STRASBOURG The European Parliament on Thursday asked for Turkey's European Union accession talks to be suspended if Ankara implements a constitutional overhaul, backed by a referendum in April, which expands the powers of President Tayyip Erdogan.

The parliament has limited influence on the issue and Turkey said on Thursday it rejected proposals that it drop its EU membership bid in favour of cooperation in other areas.

EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan and his behaviour toward opponents, both before and after an abortive coup against him a year ago. But they do not want to undermine an agreement struck last year whereby Turkey effectively stopped migrants reaching Greece, easing a crisis that had threatened EU unity.

The resolution passed by the parliament on Thursday "calls on the Commission and the member states, in accordance with the Negotiating Framework, to formally suspend the accession negotiations with Turkey without delay if the constitutional reform package is implemented unchanged."

Erdogan's proposed constitution would greatly expand his powers, which he says is necessary to ensure stability in Turkey.

Opposition parties and human rights groups say the reforms threaten judicial independence and push Turkey towards one-man rule. The EU has also expressed concern.

The Venice Commission, a panel of legal experts from the Council of Europe, a rights body to which Turkey belongs, warned in March ahead of Turkey's referendum that the proposed constitutional shakeup represented a "dangerous step backwards" for democracy. Ankara rejected the criticism.

(Reporting by Julia Fioretti in Brussels; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

BERLIN China's vice-finance minister said Beijing would implement all sanctions imposed on North Korea as a result of its missile tests, but warned the U.S. not to use them as an excuse to impose sanctions against China's financial institutions.

"As a Security Council permanent member, China will of course implement all relevant resolutions," he said. "But the U.S. should not use their domestic laws as excuses to levy sanctions against Chinese financial institutions."

Speaking ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Zhu Guangyao also called on leading economies to cooperate on global steel overproduction rather than engage in finger-pointing, since overcapacity could harm global growth.

(Reporting by Thomas Escritt; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

French Minister of Ecological and Social Transition Nicolas Hulot attends a national tribute ceremony for late French politician Simone Veil, Holocaust survivor and pro-abortion campaigner, at the Hotel des Invalides in Paris, France, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Michel Euler/Pool

PARIS France will take measures to restrict the use of palm oil in the production of biofuels with the aim of reducing indirect deforestation, French Environment Minister Nicolas Hulot said on Thursday.

"We will close a window that was giving the possibility to incorporate palm oil in biofuels," Hulot said as he was presenting a wider plan on the fight against climate change.

He did not detail the measures envisaged to restrict palm oil use but said he wanted to stop "imported deforestation" in France, pointing to non sustainable palm oil and soybeans.

Palm oil is among vegetable oils used to make biodiesel.

France's largest biodiesel producer Avril said last month it would reduce output, notably due to increasing competition from cheaper imported palm oil.

(Reporting by Sybille de La Hamaide and Gus Trompiz)

~_~

Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior advisor of President Donald Trump, arrive aboard Air Force One at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. Army soldiers gather ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump speech in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. Agencja Gazeta/Slawomir Kaminski via REUTERS

A bust of Polish composer Frederic Chopin is flanked by U.S. and Polish flags ahead of the meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Polish President Andrzej Duda during their bilateral meeting, as he visits Poland for the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. President Donald Trump is greeted by Polish President Andrzej Duda as he visits Poland during the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump, Polish President Andrzej Duda and Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic take part in a family photo along with other heads of states and delegates during the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

He also said Washington was thinking about "severe things" in response to North Korea's test-launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile with the potential to reach Alaska.

Trump told a joint news conference with Polish President Andrzej Duda on Thursday that it was "past time" for all countries in the alliance to "get going" on their financial obligations.

The White House had said Trump would use the stopover in Warsaw to showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which he once called "obsolete", bemoaning allies' repeated failure to spend the recommended 2 percent of GDP on defence.

He had unnerved allies in May, not least those in the east concerned about Russia's more assertive military posture, by failing to explicitly endorse the principle of collective defence enshrined in the NATO treaty.

While he did not directly mention that principle in Warsaw, he did say that the United States was working with Poland to address Russia's "destabilising behaviour". Duda for his part said he believed Trump took Poland's security seriously.

Trump said the United States would confront the threat from North Korea very strongly, and that nations must publicly demonstrate to North Korea that there were consequences for bad behaviour.

Trump has this week expressed frustration that North Korea's neighbour China has not put more pressure on Pyongyang, notably through trade, to try to rein in its weapons programme.

Trump said "something" would have to be done about North Korea. He said he did not draw "red lines", but that Washington would take a look over the coming weeks and months with regard to North Korea.

En route to a potentially fractious G20 summit in Germany, Trump was due to take part in a gathering of leaders from central Europe, Baltic states and the Balkans, an event convened by Poland and Croatia to boost regional trade and infrastructure.

Trump said the United States strongly backed their "Three Seas" initiative.

(Writing by Kevin Liffey; editing by Ralph Boulton)

~_~

Siemens President and CEO Joe Kaeser and Gao Hongwei, Chairman and Vice President of China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation (CASIC), take part in a contract signing ceremony at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Axel Schmidt

German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Chinese President Xi Jinping shake hands after the news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

BERLIN Ties between China and Germany are about to enter a new phase, China's president said, as he met the German chancellor before a G20 summit that is expected to highlight their differences with the United States on a host of issues.

President Xi Jinping and Chancellor Angela Merkel pledged on Wednesday to work together more closely on a range of issues, two days ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg that U.S. President Donald Trump is also due to attend.

Trump's testy relationship with both China and Germany is pushing the two countries closer together, despite Berlin's concerns about human rights in China and frustrations over market access.

"Chinese-German relations are now about to have a new start where we need new breakthroughs," Xi told a joint news conference with Merkel in Berlin. He said he hoped to make a "new blueprint, set our sights on new goals and plan new routes" for cooperation during his visit to Germany.

"We will have difficult discussions, since bringing 20 states together with all their developments and ideas is not easy," Merkel said.

Tension is likely both at the summit and outside it. Thousands of protesters are expected to demonstrate for a raft of causes, ranging from anti-globalisation to failure to tackle climate change. Already, German police have used water cannon to disperse around 500 anti-capitalist protesters.

Much of the tension will revolve around Trump. In an article for German newspaper Handelsblatt Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe urged the G20 states to continue working together on climate protection, after Trump pulled the United States out of the 2015 Paris agreement on climate change policy.

And World Bank President Jim Yong Kim told Handelsblatt he agreed with Merkel on climate change, saying: "We cannot wait". In contrast to Trump's protectionist stance, Kim also stressed that free trade was key to alleviating poverty and boosting prosperity.

Merkel has lashed out at Trump's administration for taking the view that globalisation is creating winners and losers. She told the newspaper Die Zeit that as G20 president, she had to work on reaching agreement rather than contributing "to a situation where a lack of communication prevails".

To symbolise their close ties, Merkel and Xi opened a garden at the Berlin Zoo for Meng Meng and Jiao Qing, two giant pandas on loan from China who were seen sitting on wooden benches munching bamboo when a red curtain covering their enclosure was opened. Merkel described them as "two very nice diplomats".

Merkel said she and Xi had also talked about wanting to quickly sign an investment treaty that would ultimately turn into a full-blown free-trade agreement. They discussed as well improving cooperation on cyber security and working more closely together on fighting international terrorism.

In addition, they discussed bilateral cooperation in countries such as in Africa and Afghanistan, with Merkel highlighting an agreement to jointly build a hydroelectric power plant in Angola.

But she added: "In my view we must intensively pursue the human rights dialogue, looking at how different parts of society can better express themselves. In this respect, cooperation in the field of civil society can be further strengthened."

(Additional reporting by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Larry King and Catherine Evans)

~_~

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

People walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

A member of the police works at the scene where a number of cars burnt down overnight at a Porsche dealership ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

German police walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist is detained by police following his arrival at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist carries a poster as he arrives at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

Among the 100,000 protesters expected in the city, some 8,000 are deemed by security forces to be ready to commit violence, posing a challenge for those tasked with securing the July 7-8 summit of leaders of the world's 20 biggest economies.

There has been no significant violence at several smaller demonstrations in the city this week, including a march on Wednesday by more than 7,000 beer-drinking mainly young revellers holding placards denouncing capitalism and G20 leaders.

But a fire overnight at a Porsche car dealer in the north of the city that damaged eight vehicles could be a foretaste of what's to come. Police said they were investigating whether it was an arson attack.

"There is no concrete evidence to link the incident to the G20 summit," a police spokesman told Reuters. "But we assume this is the case."

Locals are unhappy with Chancellor Angela Merkel's decision to hold the summit in the centre of Germany's second-largest city as they fear property damage by violent protesters. Their daily routines are also being disrupted by security measures.

Up to 20,000 police officers will be on duty to watch over the main demonstration, dubbed "Welcome to Hell" by the alliance of anti-capitalist groups who organised it. Protesters have said they will try to block roads in the city.

Merkel took a big gamble in deciding to host the summit, where leaders will hold talks on difficult issues from trade and climate change to African development, in the city of her birth.

Should the protests go awry, her reputation could be damaged less than three months before an election in which she is seeking a fourth term.

To air the locals' disenchantment, Hamburg-based soft drinks maker Fritz Kola has launched a poster advertising campaign featuring a portrait of Trump snoozing. A caption reads: "Wake up, man! Fritz Kola. Lots of caffeine".

Protesters say the G20 has failed to solve many of the issues threatening world peace, including climate change, rising inequality and violent conflicts.

'EGOISTIC LEADER'

Tens of thousands will gather at the fish market in the borough of St Pauli - known for its red light district - at 1400 GMT, around the same time as Air Force One is due to land in Hamburg. They will then march north to the heavily secured summit venue.

"It's ridiculous that police say some of us are violent when starting tomorrow the leaders of the world's largest weapon exporting and importing nations will be arriving in our city," said Stefan Hubert, a 32-year-old graphic designer who came to the protest on Wednesday with three friends.

Holding a placard reading 'Make love great again!' he added: "This summit is a waste of money that could be better spent on deploying more boats to stop migrants fleeing war and hunger from drowning in the Mediterranean."

Turkish-German protester Fatima Cicek said she and her two sisters came to the demonstration on Wednesday to make the point that the G20 is undemocratic as it is a forum where a handful of leaders make decisions that could impact the whole world.

But her main issue is with Trump.

"He is the most disruptive and egotistic leader at the summit," the veiled 38-year-old social worker said.

There is an irony in the protesters' dislike of Trump. The U.S. president and anti-capitalist activists have something in common: distrust of globalisation.

Yet Trump is in Hamburg to push for trade rules that benefit America, including steel makers facing tough competition from China, while the protesters are here to demand more rights for the poor regardless of where they live.

"Trump is here to promote his own interests and those of the richest people in America," said Cicek. "We are demanding more rights for the millions of people in Africa who have no roof over their heads."

(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Toby Chopra)

~_~

LONDON Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after both were denied a chance to savour match-point glory in their first-round matches.

When seven-times champion Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two, they will be hoping to put on an entertaining show from start to finish after Tuesday's fans were left feeling rather short-changed.

Djokovic, winner of three titles here, was leading Martin Klizan 6-3 2-0 when the injured Slovakian went up to shake hands with the Serb after calling time on the match with only 40 minutes on the clock.

Unbelievably for the Centre Court crowd, there were given a repeat performance just over an hour later when Federer's opponent Alexandr Dolgopolov also pulled out when trailing 3-6 0-3.

While the seven first-round withdrawals in the men's field left many questioning if players who are not fully fit should be allowed to start a tournament, on the women's side of the draw the competitors will be keen to live up to Agnieszka Radwanska's observation that "girls are really, really tough".

The 2012 finalist takes on American Christina McHale while last year's runner up Angelique Kerber, who has struggled to recapture the form that carried her to two grand slam titles last year, will be hoping she survives a tricky match against Belgian Kirsten Flipkens.

(Editing by Ed Osmond)

~_~

Grime artist Charisma Mixamilla (L), DJ of The Collective and Mr Myki, MC of The Collective laugh as they look at a phone in Hoxton, London, Britain, September 24, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

People gather in the Tone coffee shop for a grime night in Willesden Green, London, Britain May 27, 2017. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist M3, MC of The Collective (C), greets a friend outside the Tone coffee shop during a grime night in Willesden Green, London, Britain May 27, 2017. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Kraze, MC of Slew Dem Crew, types lyrics on his mobile phone during a studio session in Hackney, London, Britain, September 4, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Rage, MC of Slew Dem Crew, performs during a radio show in central London, Britain, September 10, 2016. 'Grime is a way to vent, a way to express yourself, it's a form of release. Grime is still developing and defining itself and I think it can only go from strength to strength... watch this space,' he said. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Tiny K (L), MC of The Collective and his partner Taylor Knight relax at Mode FM radio station before a set in London, Britain, May 28, 2017. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Brownsilla, MC of The Collective, MCs at Mode FM radio station in Enfield, London, Britain, September 25, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

A microphone lies on top of a notepad containing lyrics at a studio where members of The Collective are performing in Shoreditch, London, Britain, September 24, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

People gather outside Tone coffee shop for a grime night in Willesden Green, London, Britain, May 27, 2017. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Luciferian, MC of The Collective, poses for a photograph in woods close to his house in Cobham, Surrey, Britain, September 23, 2016. Luciferian said he loves to go to the woods to relax, keep fit and think about music. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Lady Shocker talks to a friend on her mobile phone during a break in recording at a home studio in Hackney, London, Britain, September 29, 2016. 'Grime is my story, my passion, my hopes, my dreams and my means to succeed,' she said. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Clubbers are seen at a grime night at The Nest club in Dalston, London, Britain, September 17, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist MC Lady Shocker smokes outside Don City radio station in Hackney Wick, London, Britain, September 29, 2016. 'Grime is my story, my passion, my hopes, my dreams and my means to succeed,' she said. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Clipson, MC of Slew Dem Crew, jokes with his partner Mamie Lolo, a hip-hop artist, during a walk in Leytonstone, London, Britain, September 11, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime group Slew Dem Crew walk through Hackney Wick after performing at a radio station in London, Britain, September 11, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Tower blocks are seen in the distance at Edmonton cemetery in London, Britain, September 17, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artists Charisma Mixamilla (L), DJ of The Collective and Tiny-K, MC of The Collective wait outside XOYO club in Shoreditch, London, Britain, September 23, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Jabz, MC of The Collective, makes his dog Bruce jump for a biscuit, as his mother relaxes at home in Abbey Wood, London, Britain, September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Mr Myki, MC of The Collective (R) uses his phone at his 22nd birthday party in Deptford, London, Britain, September 30, 2016. Myki, who studies music technology at the University of East London, said: 'Grime is just what we have grown up with, it's just us, it's just youth.' REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Student and grime artist MC Squintz travels home after performing at a grime event in Shoreditch, London, Britain, September 24, 2016. 'Grime is energy, grime is coming together, grime is spitting flames on any riddim you touch,' he said. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist MC Squintz (C), and Luciferian (L), MC of The Collective perform at Mode FM radio station in London, Britain, September 18, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Student and grime artist MC Squintz checks his mobile phone in Edmonton, London, Britain, September 17, 2016. 'Grime is energy, grime is coming together, grime is spitting flames on any riddim you touch,' he said. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Members from grime group The Collective perform at City Sound Project, Penny Theatre club, Canterbury, Britain, May 28, 2017. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

Grime artist Bang GK watches Luciferian, MC of The Collective, rehearse at home in Cobham, Surrey, Britain, September 23, 2016. REUTERS/Paul Hackett

LONDON Squeezed in to a small and sweaty East London nightclub at 3 a.m., the Slew Dem Crew spit bars to a raucous audience revelling in the fast growing popularity of Britain's new musical obsession.

Grime, developed from garage and rap, has been enjoying a breakout period since British artist Skepta scooped the prestigious Mercury Prize in September and fellow Londoner Stormzy gave the genre its first number one album in March.

For a Reuters photo essay, click here: reut.rs/2ssXqZ5

In the small nightclubs, cafes and independent radio station studios of the capital, the accolades and recognition are drowning out the critics who say the music glamorises violence.

READ MORE: The Scream on cream - Korean barista wows fans with latte art

"To those critics I would say you haven't listened to enough grime music because there's so many creative people in the scene for someone to belittle us with that statement," Rage, 32, a member of the Slew Dem Crew, told Reuters.

"Grime is now being accepted all over the world. We are seeing people of all races and genders actively listening to, buying and making grime music."

The grime artists do tackle drugs, money, respect, turf wars and other gritty topics, all set over a tempo of 140 beats per minute.

"A lot of us come from dark backgrounds and deeper struggles so the real lyrics we write may have violence in them but it's just a form of expression," said Clipson, another member of the Slew Dem Crew.

The energy onstage is infectious, wild celebrations from artists and listeners showcase camaraderie over competitiveness.

"I love the atmosphere of a set and performing with the guys... everyone pumping each other up. For me it's all about the unity," said 21-year-old Tiny K, a member of The Collective.

"People associate it with trouble ... but I think it has kept me out of trouble."

READ MORE: We need to talk about sex, robot experts say

The fast-paced world of grime was dubbed "a commercial force" by The British Phonographic Industry in January and even broke into Britain's national election.

The leader of Britain's opposition Labour party, Jeremy Corbyn, sat down to speak with grime artist JME before last month's vote to try and get his manifesto across to young voters.

The mainstream may be embracing it, but its artists aren't ready to be contained.

"(Grime) is a way for the underground to be creative and illustrate whatever they want," said 18-year-old MC Squintz.

(Writing by Patrick Johnston; Editing by Andrew Heavens)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A child plays the game 'Honour of Kings' by Tencent at home in Dezhou, Shandong province, China July 2, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

​Unable to compete with her boyfriend's obsession with the hugely popular and top-grossing online game "Honour of Kings", the unemployed 23-year-old from Zhejiang province figured she might as well join him.

So began Zeng's journey through Tencent Holdings' fantasy world of kings, queens and life-or-death adventures. A journey that has practically become a full-time job.

"I'm out of work at the moment, so apart from when I'm eating or sleeping I play "Honour of Kings" non-stop until the system kicks me out. A rough estimate would be at least eight hours," she said.

Honour of Kings, a fantasy multiplayer role-playing battle game, is the most popular mobile game in China with around 55 million daily active users, more than Pokemon Go at its peak, and it's the highest-grossing mobile game in China.

Its massive success, however, has drawn scrutiny from China's official media - which described it as "poison" - as well as parents and teachers amid concerns that children are becoming addicted to the game. Half of those playing it are below 24 years of age, according to Chinese mobile data firm Jiguang.

The main criticism of "Honour of Kings" is not due to its violent content, but more about concerns over addiction. China's communist party mouthpiece, the People's Daily, cited examples of teenagers stealing money to spend on game features and also a case of alleged suicide.

On Sunday, Tencent, which has a portfolio of more than 200 games, said it would limit "Honour of Kings" players below 12 years of age to one hour of play time each day, while those aged 12 to 18 would be limited to two hours a day.

The secrets to its success include the fact that games are relatively short at around 20 minutes for each and "Honour of Kings" is seen as a social tool, with scores of players telling Reuters it now played a huge part in their social lives.

"It's not just a game, but it's now becoming a crucial part of my social life ... It's crazy, like everyone is playing, and I just don't want to be left out, said Crysal Xu, a 20-year-old university student living in Toronto.

"I am totally addicted to it. I play it during lunch time, class breaks, bus-waiting periods."

Liu Jie, a 24-year-old who works for a local government was caught red-handed when officials from the local disciplinary inspection department burst into his office only to find him playing "Honour of Kings".

For Liu, who said he had to write a letter criticizing his actions, the game is also a spectator sport of sorts.

"Sometimes, you log on not to play the game, but also to check which friends of yours are online, to see how well they have been doing in the battles," Liu said. "

"Once you send them an emoji, you just start talking."

(Reporting By Stella Qiu and Ryan Woo in BEIJING and Doris Huang, Susan Gao in HONG KONG; Writing by Anne Marie Roantre; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)

~_~

A woman cools off next to a fountain in Rome, Italy July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi

ROME Baking summer heat has forced Rome to close some of the drinking fountains known as "big noses", or "nasoni", that constantly gush fresh water on thousands of street corners, causing a public outcry.

Hit by the soaring temperatures drying out southern Europe, the Italian capital has started turning off up to 30 of the 2,800 distinctive curved metal taps every day, dismaying Romans and prompting concerns homeless people would become dehydrated.

Brandishing a plastic bottle in the central Piazza Venezia, city resident Carmelo Teti asked, "How can you take away fresh water from tourists who walk and want to refresh themselves?"

"When I go around I fill up this bottle with water because to buy mineral water costs and I cannot afford it," he said.

In a letter to Rome's mayor, Virginia Raggi, water company Acea blamed the "exceptional drought" for the temporary measure and said: "We are absolutely aware of the inconvenience that might be caused."

The company said it was committed to replacing and fixing the city's decayed and ruptured pipes, which according to consumer group Codacons leak 40 percent of the water they carry.

Part of the plan is also to help limit the amount of water taken from picturesque nearby Lake Bracciano, whose sinking surface level has prompted a local campaign to protect it.

The Committee for the Defence of Lake Bracciano was critical, saying: "You won't save Lake Bracciano by leaving Rome's homeless thirsty," echoing a warning from the Red Cross.

Environmental group Eco Italia Solidale said the "big noses" accounted for only 1 percent of Rome's water supply but helped in keeping sewers clean and watering plants in public places.

(Reporting by Gabriele Pileri and Isla Binnie; Editing by Louise Ireland)

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

Iraqi forces have pushed Islamic State into a shrinking rectangle beside the Tigris river as they uproot the last militants from the Iraqi city.

~_~

European Council President Donald Tusk attends the press conference after the meeting at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

BRUSSELS Japan and the European Union agreed on Thursday to a free trade pact, signalling their opposition to what they see as U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist turn.

Signed in Brussels on the eve of meetings with Trump at a G20 summit in Hamburg, the "political agreement" between two of the world's biggest economies is heavy with symbolism and leaves some areas of negotiation still to finish, though officials insist the key snags were overcome this week.

"We promised to do everything in our power to conclude political and trade talks between Japan and the European Union on the eve of the G20 summit. And we did it," European Council President Donald Tusk told a news conference.

In the works for four years, what will be known as the EU-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement, has been pushed over the line towards a final treaty signature in the coming months by the election of Trump and his moves to ditch a Pacific trade pact that included Japan and leave talks with the EU in limbo.

Fears of cheaper import competition for European carmakers and Japanese dairy producers were among the thorniest issues, but officials said they shared alarm at Trump's apparent shift away from multilateral open trading systems towards an aggressive "America First" policy.

"Together, we are sending a strong message to the world that we stand for open and fair trade. As far as we are concerned, there is no protection in protectionism," European Commission President Jean Claude Juncker said.

Tariffs on much of their bilateral trade will be phased out over some years and other areas of commerce, such as Japan's public tender system, will be opened up.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that with 40 percent of world trade, the EU and Japan would form the world's biggest open economic area, accounting for a third of global economic output.

One detail still to be ironed out in the coming months is how disputes arising from the treaty will be settled -- a touchy subject in Europe due to concerns that such pacts give too much power to big business.

The accord, EU and Japanese officials say, will boost trade and jobs. The European Union currently exports nearly 90 billion euros ($100 billion) of goods and services to Japan.

(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald, Robert-Jan Bartunek and Elizabeth Miles Editing Alissa de Carbonnel/Jeremy Gaunt)

~_~

FILE PHOTO - The Union Flag flies near the Houses of Parliament in London, Britain, June 7, 2017. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne/File Photo

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

The private email accounts of up to 90 of the 650 members of Britain's House of Commons were targeted in late June, with some news reports suggesting that the attack was carried out by a foreign government, such as Russia.

However, cyber security experts had found that the hackers only managed to access accounts of lawmakers who used primitive and easily discovered passwords, the sources, who are familiar with the investigations into the attacks, said.

It remains unclear who did carry out the attack, they added.

Investigators hope the hack will convince politicians and other public figures to use more sophisticated passwords for their email and other online activities.

British authorities are not commenting publicly on the progress of investigations, but an official cautioned after the hack was discovered that "cyber threats to the UK come from criminals, terrorists, hacktivists as well as nation states."

(Reporting by Mark Hosenball; Editing by Alexander Smith)

~_~

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un reacts with scientists and technicians of the DPRK Academy of Defence Science after the test-launch of the intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14. KCNA/via REUTERS

Chinese Ambassador to the United Nations Liu Jieyi addresses the U.N. Security Council as it meets to discuss the recent ballistic missile launch by North Korea at U.N. headquarters in New York, U.S., July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar

BEIJING Chinese President Xi Jinping urged a peaceful resolution of tension over North Korean on Thursday, telling his South Korean counterpart that China is committed to denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula.

The United States said on Wednesday it was ready to use force if need be to stop North Korea's nuclear missile programme but said it preferred global diplomatic action against it for defying world powers by test launching a ballistic missile that could hit Alaska.

Meeting in Germany ahead of a G20 summit, Xi told South Korean President Moon Jae-in that China upheld maintaining the peace and stability of the peninsula, and that all sides should strictly abide by U.N. Security Council resolutions, China's state news agency Xinhua reported.

China supported the new South Korean government's efforts to restart dialogue and contacts with North Korea, Xi said, adding that the international community should work together to play a positive role to ease tension.

Ties between China and South Korea have soured over the basing in South Korea of an advanced U.S. anti-missile system China sees as a threat to its own security, despite Washington and Seoul saying it is purely to defend against North Korea.

Xi told Moon that China did not want to see the "difficulties" that have been present in relations of late, and that South Korea should "clear obstacles" to bilateral ties and pay attention to China's "legitimate concerns".

The news agency did not elaborate.

Taking a major step in its missile programme, North Korea on Tuesday test launched an intercontinental ballistic missile that some experts believe has the range to reach the U.S. states of Alaska and Hawaii and perhaps the U.S. Pacific Northwest.

North Korea says the missile could carry a large nuclear warhead.

The missile test is a direct challenge to U.S. President Donald Trump, who has vowed to prevent North Korea from being able to hit the United States with a nuclear missile.

He has frequently urged China to press the leaders of isolated North Korea to give up their nuclear programme, and on Wednesday he denounced China's trade with its defiant neighbour.

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang, speaking in Beijing earlier on Thursday, said China fully implemented UN resolutions on North Korea.

As a neighbour, China had "normal" trade relations with North Korea and U.N. resolutions were clear that they were not intended to impact upon "livelihood and humanitarian needs", he added.

(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Toby Chopra, Robert Birsel)

~_~

LONDON Clothing retailer Primark returned to underlying sales growth for the first time in 18 months, with low prices and warm weather driving a strong performance in Britain in its latest quarter, owner Associated British Foods (ABF.L) said on Thursday.

Primark's performance confounds fears that a squeeze in British consumers' spending power could dent demand.

AB Foods, which also has major sugar, grocery, agriculture and ingredients businesses, said Primark's better than expected third quarter performance meant the group's outlook for the year to mid-September 2017 had "marginally improved".

The statement sent its shares as much as 6 percent higher, making it the FTSE 100 index's biggest riser.

Primark's total sales increased 15 percent at constant exchange rates in the 16 weeks to June 24, its fiscal third quarter, and were up 21 percent at actual exchange rates.

Finance Director John Bason said Primark's overall like-for-like sales were positive in the quarter, having been flat in the first half.

"The UK is very strong. It's not a bit of an improvement, it’s a big improvement," he told Reuters, though he declined to give a specific figure.

"It's a combination of factors but first and foremost the product and particularly the stores are looking great at the moment," he said, noting the contribution of a later Easter holiday this year and better weather.

Analysts at Credit Suisse, AB Foods' house broker, estimated UK like-for-like sales growth at 6 percent, versus 2 percent in the first half.

The UK accounts for about half of Primark's business.

TOUGH CONDITIONS

British consumers have been hit by a sharp rise in inflation, caused in large part by the fall in the value of the pound since Britain's vote to leave the European Union, and by a slowdown in wages growth. The housing market is also cooling.

Marks & Spencer (MKS.L) and Next (NXT.L), Britain's two biggest clothing retailers, have both said they are suffering from a broad slowdown in spending on clothing and footwear that dates back to late 2015.

Primark, which is at the budget end of the clothing market, has said it has not raised prices to offset the impact of the weaker pound.

"I have said over the years that Primark has grown in tougher economic times as well as good economic times," said Bason.

"Primark has maintained its price discipline and I think we've certainly gained from that," he added.

AB Foods said it now expected Primark's full-year operating profit margin to be in line with the first half's 10 percent, having previously forecast a decline.

Credit Suisse raised its 2016-17 EPS estimate for the group by 1 percent to 122 pence, up from 106.2 pence in 2015-16, noting the strong trading at Primark UK was offset in part by pressure on grocery margins.

AB Foods said third quarter group revenue growth was 13 percent at constant currency and 20 percent at actual exchange rates.

Shares in the group, majority owned by the family of Chief Executive George Weston, were up 126 pence at 3,049 pence at 0910 GMT, valuing the business at 24 billion pounds.

(Editing by Keith Weir)

~_~

Turkey's Minister for EU Affairs Omer Celik reacts during an interview with Reuters in Ankara, Turkey, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas

ANKARA Turkey rejects any proposals to drop European Union accession talks in favour of cooperation in other areas, its EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday ahead of a European Parliament vote on suspending Turkey's membership bid.

Speaking during a visit to Ankara by EU enlargement commissioner Johannes Hahn, Celik said it was wrong for EU lawmakers to call for the suspension of Turkey's membership talks, adding such approaches would benefit neither side.

"We reject with the back of our hand any proposals that there should be strong cooperation between Turkey and the EU in other areas instead of accession talks," Celik told reporters.

On Wednesday, EU lawmakers called for a suspension of Turkey's membership talks with the European Union, saying President Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown on opponents meant Ankara did not meet the bloc's democratic criteria.

A vote on the proposal is expected to pass comfortably on Thursday, but the parliament has limited influence on the issue. The European Commission and EU governments have ignored calls for a formal suspension of a process already in limbo.

Turkey's ties with its European allies have deteriorated since last July's abortive putsch, with Turkey accusing some European states of not showing enough support.

"The European Parliament has failed in its solidarity with Turkey following the coup attempt. We had expected strong support, but the call to end membership talks instead is wrong," Celik said.

Relations soured further in the run-up to an April 16 referendum that narrowly handed Erdogan sweeping presidential powers, as tensions between Turkey and the bloc escalated when some European states barred Turkish ministers from delivering speeches to drum up support ahead of the vote.

In an interview on Wednesday, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told Reuters that Turkey was not responsible for the escalation of tensions between the two sides.

"Europe displaying inappropriate behaviour towards Turkey is not a situation we can accept. Being against our President Erdogan is also not a rational stance from Europe. Europe must decide: ... do they really want to enlarge?" Kurtulmus said.

EU commissioner Hahn said he hoped the interaction between the two sides would lead to a higher level of political dialogue.

"I don't know what will be decided, but I have to stress that the European Parliament is one of the institutions elected by the European citizens. Members of the European Parliament represent the view of their voters," Hahn said.

Kurtulmus said he believed sincere negotiations between the two parties would help resolve issues, and that Europe should take notice of the helping hand Turkey has extended.

EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan and his behaviour towards opponents, both before and after the abortive coup. But they do not want to undermine an agreement struck last year whereby Turkey effectively stopped migrants reaching Greece, easing a crisis that had threatened EU unity.

Celik said Turkey had noted the bloc's criticism regarding its judiciary and freedom of press and expression, but added the EU was blocking the process by not opening new chapters.

(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Daren Butler and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Dominic Evans and Toby Chopra)

~_~

A supplied image of historian and project author, Professor Lyndall Ryan, standing next to a map in Newcastle, Australia July 4, 2017, that details research by the University of Newcastle's Centre for 21st Century of massacres of indigenous Australians by European settlers between the years 1788 and 1872. Picture taken July 4, 2017. University of Newcastle/Handout via REUTERS

An undated supplied image of a map by the University of Newcastle's Centre for 21st Century in Australia that details research by the University of massacres of indigenous Australians by European settlers between the years 1788 and 1872. University of Newcastle/Handout via REUTERS

SYDNEY A new map that tracks the massacres of indigenous Australians by European settlers over more than 80 years, dating from the 18th century, could prove to be the country's most comprehensive guide to the strife when it is completed.

The exact number of indigenous deaths since Australia's settlement has long been debated, but the map is the first to detail evidence of more than 150 massacres involving almost every aboriginal clan between 1788 and 1872.

That compares with six recorded massacres of colonists during the same period.

"At present, it's a preliminary list, as we expect to find more massacres, as people come forward with more evidence," historian and project author Lyndall Ryan said at the launch of the map on Wednesday.

The map, published by the University of Newcastle's Centre for the 21st Century, drew on sources such as settler diaries, newspaper reports, evidence from Aboriginal groups and state and federal archives, Ryan told reporters.

The map was an "incredible historical project that will have positive repercussions," aboriginal leader Warren Mundine told Reuters.

"Knowledge is so important because with it you can do things; we can add to the education of our nation and know how we got where we are today."

The project, which now covers only massacres on Australia's

eastern seaboard, took four years of painstaking research, with more expected over the next two years as incidents in the country's west are mapped.

The map showed there had been "very intense periods of violence in particular regions," added Ryan, inviting those who had information on massacres to come forward.

(Reporting by Ben Cooper; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)

~_~

A new offer to work with Russia on the Syria crisis on Wednesday (July 6). U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson saying Washington is open to enforcing no-fly zones in the war-torn country in coordination with Moscow. Joint efforts may also include on-the-ground truce monitors and delivery of humanitarian aid to Syrians. All of those, likely talking points on Friday at an expected meeting between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the G20 in Germany. Tillerson spoke to reporters before taking off for the summit. "I think the important aspect of this is that this is where we've begun an effort to begin to rebuild confidence between ourselves and Russia at the military-to-military level but also at the diplomatic level," said Tillerson. Tillerson didn't bring up the future of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who the U.S. largely blames for six years of civil war, calling for him to step down. Russia is Assad's major ally. Tillerson did say Moscow has an obligation to prevent the use of chemical weapons in Syria. Washington hit a Syrian air base with a missile strike in April after it accused Assad's government of killing dozens in a chemical attack.

~_~

President Rodrigo Duterte was preparing to make a deal with Islamic State-inspired militants in the days after they laid siege to a southern city, but as Reuters Martin Petty reports from the south, the Philippines' leader aborted the plan without explanation.

~_~

U.S. President Donald Trump took aim at what he calls America's "fake news" at a press conference with the Polish Prime Minister in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6). On Sunday (July 2) Trump tweeted a mock video of himself tackling and repeatedly striking a man with a CNN logo super-imposed in place of his head, followed by a logo saying "Fraud News Network". The president has repeatedly made known his disdain for the media, calling it "the enemy of the American people". On Thursday he said CNN has been covering him in a very dishonest way for a long time and slammed NBC for being just as bad - despite the fact that Trump "made them a fortune with The Apprentice". He said he wants to see "honest, beautiful, free, fair press".

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday (July 6) to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May. He also said Washington was thinking about "severe things" in response to North Korea's test-launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile with the potential to reach Alaska. The White House had said Trump would use the stopover in Warsaw to showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which he once called "obsolete", bemoaning allies' repeated failure to spend the recommended 2 percent of GDP on defence.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. A fire at a luxury sports car dealership in Hamburg, site of the G20 summit, was most likely arson, the German city's fire department said on Thursday (July 6). Twelve Porsche cars were destroyed by fire in the early hours of the morning, according to local media and the fire department. Chancellor Angela Merkel is expected to welcome U.S. President Donald Trump later on Thursday before the meeting of the world's 20 most powerful nations begins a day later. Brazil and Saudi Arabia have cancelled their participation.

~_~

A worker shelters from the rain as he passes the London Stock Exchange in the City of London at lunchtime October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo

LONDON Attention focussed on earnings on Thursday, with a 5 percent rise in AB Foods (ABF.L) leading a steady FTSE 100 .FTSE index which was supported by the retail and housebuilding sectors.

AB Foods rose after reporting a better outlook thanks to an improved performance from budget clothing chain Primark, with Marks & Spencer (MKS.L) following it higher with a 1.8 percent rise, although Next (NXT.L) fell as it went ex-dividend.

"Some people have been thinking that the consumer is just going to go completely underground, but the evidence is that good companies that have the right offer at the right price can grow very strongly," Jonathan Pritchard, retail analyst at Peel Hunt said.

Investors and analysts expect British consumers to swap to cheaper goods as inflation rises, something that could help low-margin companies offering budget prices offset higher import costs as a result of sterling's weakness.

"AB Foods have found more mitigation than they expected and that's because they have got volume growth, which helps their bargaining position with suppliers," Pritchard added.

Elsewhere, Reckitt Benckiser cut its growth forecast in a surprise update, after the consumer goods firm was targeted in a worldwide attack which crippled computers at several multinational companies on June 27.

Reckitt, which sells Durex condoms and Dettol disinfectants was the worst-performing on the FTSE, down 2.1 percent.

Research shows cyber security breaches can erode companies' share prices permanently.

Basic resources, often a support for the blue chip index, edged down on the day, with miner Antofagasta (ANTO.L) the worst performer after a downgrade to 'sell' from UBS.

But healthcare stocks supported the index as Shire (SHP.L) gained after HSBC upgraded it to 'hold' from 'reduce'.

Housebuilders, strong outperformers in the previous session, rose again after mid-cap Bovis Homes' (BVS.L) first-half results added to signs of resilience. The firm said it would spend an extra 3.5 million pounds to tackle problems related to the quality of its homes.

Bovis gained 1.7 percent, lifting Persimmon (PSN.L), Taylor Wimpey (TW.L) and Barratt Development (BDEV.L).

Merger and acquisition news drove gains on the small-cap index .FTSC, which outperformed larger stocks.

Novae Group (NVA.L) jumped up to 23 percent after the insurer agreed to be taken over by AXIS Capital (AXS.N), a Bermuda-based speciality lines insurer and reinsurer, for 468 million pounds ($605 million) in cash.

Top Novae shareholder Neptune said the offer undervalues the firm.

(Editing by Alexander Smith)

~_~

FILE PHOTO - A European Union flag is waved in front of Big Ben outside Parliament in London, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

Earlier, the EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier warned British ministers and businesses who are calling for "frictionless trade" with the EU after Britain leaves that it is "not possible".

Asked about the comments, the spokesman told reporters: "We've set out our relationship that we seek ... we want a comprehensive free trade agreement and a new customs agreement which allows for trade which is as frictionless as possible."

"Obviously we are just at the beginning of the negotiations, but I would say that the most frictionless as possible trade between the UK and the EU is clearly in the interests of both sides."

(Reporting by Elizabeth Piper, Writing by Kylie MacLellan; Editing by William James)

~_~

Air travelers stand at an American Airlines check-in gate at LaGuardia Airport in New York, U.S., March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

DUBLIN Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker said on Thursday the Doha-based carrier would soon start buying shares in American Airlines (AAL.O) "depending on the share price."

The state-owned company notified American Airlines last month that it was interested in buying up to 10 percent of its shares.

Al-Baker told reporters in Dublin that Qatar Airways would buy up to 4.75 percent, despite a cool response given last month by the American Airlines CEO to its plan, once it has regulatory approval.

(Writing by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Editing by Greg Mahlich)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: An oil pump is seen operating in the Permian Basin near Midland, Texas, U.S. on May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Ernest Scheyder/File Photo

LONDON Oil recovered from a heavy fall while European stocks and bonds were in the red on Thursday, as markets waited to see if ECB meeting minutes would give clues on the bank's next moves.

The Federal Reserve gave mixed signals on Wednesday.

Market were sandwiched between what had been the largely inconclusive Fed minutes and Friday's U.S. jobs data and the start of a G20 summit that has risen in importance following this week's long-range missile test by North Korea.

The euro and the dollar were flat against each other but South Africa's rand, Turkish lira and Russian rouble buckled again after a wave of emerging market selling on Wednesday.

Bond yields, which drive global borrowing costs, were pushing higher again with benchmark U.S. Treasuries up for the sixth day in the last seven at just over 2.34 percent.

European yields and southern euro zone ones in particular were up too as investors waited to see whether the ECB would signal it is closer towards unwinding extraordinary stimulus after the Fed's minutes had shown it was still split.

"They want the process to look like paint drying," Charles Schwab UK managing director Kully Samra said of the Fed's stimulus reduction. "The S&P 500 is up 9 percent this year, so we are discouraging our clients to do anything dramatic."

Brent oil was at $48.35 a barrel in early European trading as it recovered 1 percent of the 4 percent lost on Wednesday after rising OPEC exports had raised fresh questions about the group's plans to cut back supply.

Gold was off 0.2 percent at $1,224.24 per ounce though it was up from an eight-week low of $1,217.14 it had hit the previous day.

The dollar meanwhile was stalled at 113.32 Japanese yen as it consolidated a near 1 percent gain this week and was also hovering at $1.13495 per euro.

Traders were wary of making any sudden moves before a flurry of U.S. data later, which includes ADP employment, ISM non-manufacturing PMI and the initial jobless claims report, all of which are appetizers ahead of Friday's Payrolls numbers.

Overnight in Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan ended down 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei slipped 0.5 percent as a stronger yen depressed the outlook for export earnings.

Trading in Asia has been buffeted this week by tensions on the Korean peninsula after North Korea fired a missile, which U.S. officials concluded was an intercontinental ballistic missile, into Japanese waters.

In Europe, earnings were back in focus. The pan-European STOXX 600 was down 0.2 percent ahead of the ECB's minutes. Euro zone blue chips and Britain's FTSE 100 were down a similar amount.

(Additional reporting by Nichola Saminather in Singapore)

~_~

A Tesla Model S electric car is seen at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

A Tesla Model S electric car is charged by a Destination Charger at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

The logo of Tesla is seen on a steering wheel of its Model S electric car at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

A Tesla Model S electric car is seen at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

SEOUL U.S. auto imports from the likes of General Motors (GM.N) and Ford Motor (F.N) must become more chic, affordable or fuel-efficient to reap the rewards of President Donald Trump's attempts to renegotiate a trade deal with key ally South Korea, officials and industry experts in Seoul say.

Meeting South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week in Washington, Trump said the United States would do more to address trade imbalances with South Korea and create a level playing ground for U.S. businesses, especially carmakers, in the world's 11th largest auto market by sales.

While imports from automakers including Ford, Chrysler and GM more than doubled last year largely thanks to free trade deal which took effect in 2012, sales account for just 1 percent of a market dominated by more affordable models from local giants Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS) and affiliate Kia Motors Corp (000270.KS).

Imports make up just 15 percent of the overall Korean auto market, and are mainly more luxurious models from German automakers BMW (BMWG.DE) and Daimler AG's (DAIGn.DE) Mercedes-Benz, which also benefit from a trade deal with the European Union.

"Addressing non-tariff barriers would not fundamentally raise the competitiveness of U.S. cars," a senior Korean government official told Reuters, declining to be identified because of the sensitivity of the subject.

"What we really want to say to the United States is: make good cars, make cars that Korean consumers like."

TASTE BARRIER

In Korea, U.S. imports are seen as lagging German brands in brand image, sophistication and fuel economy, industry experts say. U.S. imports do have a competitive advantage in electric cars: Tesla Motors' (TSLA.O) electric vehicles are seen as both environmentally friendly and trendy, while GM has launched a long-range Bolt EV.

U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross had cited a quota in the current trade deal as an obstacle to boosting imports.

The quota allows U.S. automakers to bring in each year 25,000 vehicles that meet U.S., not necessarily Korean, safety standards. Should GM, for example, decide to bring in more than its quota of one model - the Impala sedans - it would cost up to $75 million to modify the cars to meet Korean safety standards, the company told its local labour union.

Asked about non-tariff barriers, a spokesman at GM's Korean unit said removing them could expand the range of models the company can bring in from the United States.

No U.S. company, however, has yet to make full use of the quota, industry data shows. GM, the most popular U.S. brand, sold only 13,150 U.S.-made vehicles last year.

U.S. cars could also see the benefits of a renegotiated trade deal at a time when diesel-powered cars offered by Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) are losing appeal following cheating on emissions tests. However, they still need to appeal to the locals, experts say.

"Upgrading their vehicles and meet the luxurious taste of consumers is more important than complaining about non-tariff barriers," said Kim Pil-soo, a professor of engineering at Daelim University College near Seoul.

(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Additional reporting by Haejin Choi; Editing by Miyoung Kim and Miral Fahmy)

~_~

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist carries a poster as he arrives at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

BERLIN Germany is concerned that U.S. President Donald Trump could start a trade war with Europe, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday ahead of a G20 summit in the port city of Hamburg.

"There are things that cause great concern that the United States start a trade war with Europe," Gabriel told Deutschlandfunk radio without elaborating. He added Berlin would continue to seek through dialogue a situation in which Germany and the U.S. could act together.

Having returned from a multi-day trip to the Gulf region, Gabriel also said that there was currently no risk of a military escalation in the Qatar crisis and that there was progress.

(Reporting by Christian Rüttger; Writing by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Maria Sheahan)

~_~

LONDON British police have launched a public appeal to find the owner of a human finger, seven years after it was found in London.

Police said on Thursday that the DNA of the severed finger, which came from a male, did not match any missing person or crime reports of the time and they have no other clues.

It was found by a dog in the rear courtyard of a London shop in 2010.

"We have now exhausted all lines of inquiry and have been unable to find out who the finger belongs to and how the finger became detached in the first place. It is quite the mystery," said Detective Constable Tom Boon.

"We are now appealing for the public to help us solve the case."

(Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary in Edinburgh; Editing by Catherine Evans)

~_~

EDINBURGH Donald Trump's approach to politics "has gripped the imagination of people around the world", British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Thursday, joking that he would like to be allowed to tweet as much as the U.S. president.

Johnson, famous for his gaffe-prone diplomacy, laughed off a question from the BBC that Trump was not "pretty unpredictable and a bit scary".

"I think actually that Donald Trump's approach to politics has been something that has gripped the imagination of people around the world," Johnson said.

"(Trump) has engaged people in politics in a way we haven't seen for a long time with his tweets and all the rest of it. I certainly wouldn't be allowed to tweet in a way that he does much as I might like to," he said.

"I can see my Foreign Office minders here looking extremely apprehensive."

(Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Damage to Grenfell Tower is seen following the fire in London, Britain, June 25, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls/File Photo

Metropolitan Police Superintendent Robyn Williams speaks to members of the community during a Grenfell Tower fire response team community meeting in London, Britain July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Deputy Assistant Commissioner of the London Fire Brigade Kevin Hughes, Metropolitan Police Superintendent Robyn Williams, Metropolitan Police Family Liaison Officer Chris Francis and Metropolitan Police Chief Inspector David Moorhead address members of the community during a Grenfell Tower fire response team community meeting in London, Britain July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Metropolitan Police Chief Inspector David Moorhead speaks to members of the community during a Grenfell Tower fire response team community meeting in London, Britain July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

The leader of Kensington and Chelsea Council, Elizabeth Campbell, speaks to members of the community at a Grenfell Tower fire response team community meeting in London, Britain July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

A banner hangs from a balcony near the Grenfell apartment tower block in North Kensington in London, Britain July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

LONDON Britain said on Wednesday it was sending in a task force to help run the local authority struggling to cope with the aftermath of a London tower block blaze which killed at least 80 people.

Kensington and Chelsea council has been criticised by victims' relatives and survivors for its handling of the disaster in Grenfell Tower on June 14 and its leader quit last week over the response to the fire.

"The delivery of the initial response on the ground was simply not good enough," housing minister Alok Sharma told parliament. He said the task force sent to help the council would focus on housing, regeneration and community engagement.

Within days of the fire, Prime Minister Theresa May promised that all residents from the tower would be offered good temporary homes in the local area within three weeks.

But that deadline passed on Wednesday and, while 139 families had been offered homes, only 14 had been accepted and just three had moved in. Many rejected the homes offered as unsuitable.

"No one will be forced into a home they do not want to move to," said Sharma.

The main opposition Labour party accused May's Conservative government of being consistently slow to act.

"It's been off the pace at each stage following this terrible tragedy," said John Healey, Labour's housing spokesman. "The three weeks are up, yet whole families who've lost everything are still in hotels and hostels."

Anger also persists over the failure to provide definitive answers about those still missing since the fire. Some local people say the scale of the death toll is deliberately being kept low.

"I completely understand their desire for answers and we are committed to providing as much information we can, as soon as we can," police commander Stuart Cundy said on Wednesday, adding that all visible human remains had been recovered.

"In total we have made 87 recoveries, but I must stress that the catastrophic damage inside Grenfell Tower means that is not 87 people. Until formal identification has been completed to the coroner's satisfaction I cannot say how many people have now been recovered."

The fire has also thrown a spotlight on the safety of exterior cladding used to provide insulation and improve the external appearance of Grenfell Tower and other high-rise blocks. Since the blaze, the government said cladding tested at nearly 200 sites had failed fire tests.

(Reporting by Michael Holden; Editing by Elizabeth Piper and Gareth Jones)

~_~

BEIRUT A suicide bomber in Syria's Hama killed two people and injured nine others on Thursday, state media said, in the second such attack in a government-held city this week.

State television said the attacker set off an explosive belt at a bus station in the southwest of the city.

The governor of Hama said the explosion killed two women, according to another state-run channel, Ikhbariya. It had quoted him earlier as saying three people had died.

On Sunday, a bomb killed 20 people and wounded dozens more in Damascus.

Since the start of the year, a string of blasts have hit the cities of Damascus and Homs, which are under the control of President Bashar al-Assad's government fighting rebel groups in the country's six-year war.

(Reporting by Ellen Francis; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Baidu Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Robin Li speaks in Wuzhen town of Jiaxing, Zhejiang province, China, December 17, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo

BEIJING/SHANGHAI Baidu Inc, China's biggest search engine provider, is under investigation to determine whether it had broken any laws after its chief executive tested a driverless car on public roads, Beijing's traffic police said on Thursday.

The firm, China's answer to Alphabet Inc's Google, is taking a leading role in the development of self-driving cars in China and beyond. It unveiled a broad alliance for self-driving cars on Wednesday as it aims to get such vehicles on the road in China by 2019.

But Baidu may now face sanctions from local authorities after police said in a post on its official microblog that it was investigating whether there is any irregularity in using a driverless car on public roads.

"The police support technology and innovation of autonomous driving, but it should be conducted legally, safely and scientifically," Beijing traffic police said in its statement. Any violations of the law will lead to punishment, it said.

Baidu declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.

China has been catching up in the race to develop self-driving cars, helped by supportive regulation and Beijing's desire to shift to an economy driven by high-tech and consumer sectors rather than heavy industry and low-end manufacturing.

Baidu CEO Robin Li conducted a live video chat with participants of the firm's artificial intelligence conference on Wednesday, projecting him on a huge screen sitting in the passenger seat of a self-driving car while on Beijing roads.

The episode generated discussion online, with some questioning whether Baidu had permission to conduct the test, while others said the car appeared to violate traffic rules.

Others online hailed the test. "This ticket, if issued by police, will definitely be historic," wrote one.

(Reporting by Pei Li and Adam Jourdan; Editing by Christopher Cushing)

~_~

HONG KONG Tencent Holdings' (0700.HK) online publishing subsidiary has sought a waiver from Hong Kong listing rules to allow it to withhold shareholding information of some executives, drawing criticism from corporate governance advocates.

China Literature Ltd requested the unusual exemption from the Hong Kong bourse, saying revealing the three executives' stakes "would attract unnecessary attention amongst Tencent's employees and would likely create an unfavorable and political working environment which would significantly distort Tencent's workplace culture and distract them from their business duties within [Tencent] as well as their duties as directors of our

Company."

The online publisher filed for a Hong Kong IPO on Monday. The three executives are its board members and would have to disclose their stakes in Tencent as per the city's listing rules. The waiver request will now be vetted by the listing committee of the Hong Kong stock exchange.

"That's an outrageous waiver request, and I hope that the listing committee will reject it," said David Webb, Hong Kong's leading investor activist and a former director of the Hong Kong stock exchange. "It is the thin end of a nasty wedge if the listing committee allows companies not to disclose directors' shareholdings in their parent company."

Jamie Allen, secretary general of the Asian Corporate Governance Association, said it would set a bad precedent to grant the exception.

Tencent, China Literature and the Hong Kong bourse didn't immediately reply to Reuters requests for comment.

China Literature asked for a waiver so it doesn't have to reveal the stakes held in Tencent by James Gordon Mitchell, a former Goldman Sachs banker and Tencent's chief strategy officer; Cheng Wu, CEO of Tencent Pictures; and Lin Haifeng, general manager of the merger and acquisitions department at Tencent Science & Technology (Shenzhen) Co.

The three are non-executive directors in China Literature's nine-member board, with Mitchell also acting as chairman.

They hold "an insignificant percentage of share capital" in Tencent, the filing added. But with a market capitalization of nearly $330 billion, even a tiny stake in China's biggest social network and online entertainment firm would make the executives multi-millionaires.

In its 2016 annual report Tencent disclosed the stakes held by Chairman Ma Huateng, also known as Pony Ma, President Lau Chi Ping Martin, or Martin Lau, and four independent non-executive directors. The value of the stakes ranged from $29 billion for Ma to as low as $126,348 for one of the independent directors.

As in most markets, shareholders owning 5 percent or more of any stock must be disclosed to the Hong Kong stock exchange and under listing rules IPO candidates must also reveal the interests and short positions their board directors hold in the issuer itself or "associated corporations."

Publicly listed companies must also disclose the interests and short positions of their CEOs and all directors in shares and debentures in the companies themselves or associated corporations under a separate rule, the Securities and Futures Ordinance (SFO).

That means even if China Literature were granted the waiver, it would still have to reveal the stakes at a later date.

"The listing committee has no powers to waive SFO obligations, so as soon as the company is listed, they would have to file disclosures, which will be available to the public," investor Webb added. "So not including them in the prospectus would only delay disclosure."

(Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)

~_~

FILE PHOTO - A man arrives at the Uber offices in Queens, New York, U.S., February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo

Uber said on Thursday it would suspend its unlicensed service UberPOP in Finland until a law deregulating the taxi market comes into effect next year.

The U.S. ride-hailing company has come under fierce pressure from traditional taxi drivers and regulators across Europe who accuse it of unfair competition and skirting traditional licensing rules. UberPOP has already been suspended in several European capitals, including Paris and Brussels.

Its Finnish country manager Joel Jarvinen said it would halt UberPOP in Finland to avoid problems for its drivers.

"We want to ensure that we do not pose drivers who use our app or our employees any unnecessary issues – especially now that we have a bright future to look forward to. We believe that the best way to do so and focus on the future is to pause UberPOP and relaunch in the summer of 2018," Jarvinen said in a blog post on Thursday.

Uber's licensed service UberBLACK will continue operating in the Finnish capital Helsinki and Jarvinen said the company was committed to supporting the hundreds of drivers who would no longer be able to make money with UberPOP.

Once the new law comes into effect, drivers will still need permits but annual permit quotas and fare restrictions will be removed, which could help new entrants to the market.

Uber is legal in Finland provided its drivers hold valid taxi licenses, but the company has been the target of police investigations and drivers have been ordered to give up their earnings to the state for not having valid taxi permits.

Helsinki district court last week ordered the assets of Jarvinen be confiscated until police conclude an investigation into whether Uber operates an illegal taxi service in Finland.

(Reporting by Julia Fioretti with additional reporting by Tuomas Forsell; Editing by Susan Fenton)

~_~

Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior advisor of President Donald Trump, arrive aboard Air Force One at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. Army soldiers gather ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump speech in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. Agencja Gazeta/Slawomir Kaminski via REUTERS

A bust of Polish composer Frederic Chopin is flanked by U.S. and Polish flags ahead of the meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Polish President Andrzej Duda during their bilateral meeting, as he visits Poland for the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. President Donald Trump is greeted by Polish President Andrzej Duda as he visits Poland during the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump, Polish President Andrzej Duda and Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic take part in a family photo along with other heads of states and delegates during the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

He also said Washington was thinking about "severe things" in response to North Korea's test-launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile with the potential to reach Alaska.

Trump told a joint news conference with Polish President Andrzej Duda on Thursday that it was "past time" for all countries in the alliance to "get going" on their financial obligations.

The White House had said Trump would use the stopover in Warsaw to showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which he once called "obsolete", bemoaning allies' repeated failure to spend the recommended 2 percent of GDP on defence.

He had unnerved allies in May, not least those in the east concerned about Russia's more assertive military posture, by failing to explicitly endorse the principle of collective defence enshrined in the NATO treaty.

While he did not directly mention that principle in Warsaw, he did say that the United States was working with Poland to address Russia's "destabilising behaviour". Duda for his part said he believed Trump took Poland's security seriously.

Trump said the United States would confront the threat from North Korea very strongly, and that nations must publicly demonstrate to North Korea that there were consequences for bad behaviour.

Trump has this week expressed frustration that North Korea's neighbour China has not put more pressure on Pyongyang, notably through trade, to try to rein in its weapons programme.

Trump said "something" would have to be done about North Korea. He said he did not draw "red lines", but that Washington would take a look over the coming weeks and months with regard to North Korea.

En route to a potentially fractious G20 summit in Germany, Trump was due to take part in a gathering of leaders from central Europe, Baltic states and the Balkans, an event convened by Poland and Croatia to boost regional trade and infrastructure.

Trump said the United States strongly backed their "Three Seas" initiative.

(Writing by Kevin Liffey; editing by Ralph Boulton)

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Russian President Vladimir Putin attends a meeting to make a statement following the talks with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin

BERLIN Russia is in favour of an open and rules-based trade order to boost global growth, and sanctions imposed against Moscow are a "covert form" of protectionism, President Vladimir Putin was quoted as saying on Thursday ahead of a G20 summit in Germany.

"I'm convinced that only open trade relations based on uniform norms and standards can stimulate growth of the global economy and support a progressive development of intergovernmental relations," Putin wrote in a guest article published in German business daily Handelsblatt on Thursday.

Putin said that protectionism was becoming widespread and a behavioural norm. "And unilaterally imposed and politically motivated sanctions on investment, trade and, in particular, technology transfer become its covert form," Putin said.

"In our opinion, such sanctions not only have no perspective, but they also contradict the G20 principles for interacting in the interests of all countries of the world."

(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Maria Sheahan)

~_~

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

People walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

A member of the police works at the scene where a number of cars burnt down overnight at a Porsche dealership ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Police are seen at a Porsche dealership where a number of cars burnt down overnight ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

German police walk in front of barricaded front windows of shops during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists walk past German police as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists carry a banner reading 'The war starts here' as they arrive at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist is detained by police following his arrival at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

An activist carries a poster as he arrives at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof central railway station during the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

Activists from OXFAM wear masks depicting some of the world leaders during a demonstration at the harbor in Hamburg during the G20 summit, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

Among the 100,000 protesters expected in the city, some 8,000 are deemed by security forces to be ready to commit violence, posing a challenge for those tasked with securing the July 7-8 summit of leaders of the world's 20 biggest economies.

There has been no significant violence at several smaller demonstrations in the city this week, including a march on Wednesday by more than 7,000 beer-drinking mainly young revellers holding placards denouncing capitalism and G20 leaders.

But a fire overnight at a Porsche car dealer in the north of the city that damaged eight vehicles could be a foretaste of what's to come. Police said they were investigating whether it was an arson attack.

"There is no concrete evidence to link the incident to the G20 summit," a police spokesman told Reuters. "But we assume this is the case."

Locals are unhappy with Chancellor Angela Merkel's decision to hold the summit in the centre of Germany's second-largest city as they fear property damage by violent protesters. Their daily routines are also being disrupted by security measures.

Up to 20,000 police officers will be on duty to watch over the main demonstration, dubbed "Welcome to Hell" by the alliance of anti-capitalist groups who organised it. Protesters have said they will try to block roads in the city.

Merkel took a big gamble in deciding to host the summit, where leaders will hold talks on difficult issues from trade and climate change to African development, in the city of her birth.

Should the protests go awry, her reputation could be damaged less than three months before an election in which she is seeking a fourth term.

To air the locals' disenchantment, Hamburg-based soft drinks maker Fritz Kola has launched a poster advertising campaign featuring a portrait of Trump snoozing. A caption reads: "Wake up, man! Fritz Kola. Lots of caffeine".

Protesters say the G20 has failed to solve many of the issues threatening world peace, including climate change, rising inequality and violent conflicts.

'EGOISTIC LEADER'

Tens of thousands will gather at the fish market in the borough of St Pauli - known for its red light district - at 1400 GMT, around the same time as Air Force One is due to land in Hamburg. They will then march north to the heavily secured summit venue.

"It's ridiculous that police say some of us are violent when starting tomorrow the leaders of the world's largest weapon exporting and importing nations will be arriving in our city," said Stefan Hubert, a 32-year-old graphic designer who came to the protest on Wednesday with three friends.

Holding a placard reading 'Make love great again!' he added: "This summit is a waste of money that could be better spent on deploying more boats to stop migrants fleeing war and hunger from drowning in the Mediterranean."

Turkish-German protester Fatima Cicek said she and her two sisters came to the demonstration on Wednesday to make the point that the G20 is undemocratic as it is a forum where a handful of leaders make decisions that could impact the whole world.

But her main issue is with Trump.

"He is the most disruptive and egotistic leader at the summit," the veiled 38-year-old social worker said.

There is an irony in the protesters' dislike of Trump. The U.S. president and anti-capitalist activists have something in common: distrust of globalisation.

Yet Trump is in Hamburg to push for trade rules that benefit America, including steel makers facing tough competition from China, while the protesters are here to demand more rights for the poor regardless of where they live.

"Trump is here to promote his own interests and those of the richest people in America," said Cicek. "We are demanding more rights for the millions of people in Africa who have no roof over their heads."

(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Toby Chopra)

~_~

BEIRUT A suicide bomber in Syria's Hama killed two people and injured nine others on Thursday, state media said, in the second such attack in a government-held city this week.

State television said the attacker set off an explosive belt at a bus station in the southwest of the city.

The governor of Hama said the explosion killed two women, according to another state-run channel, Ikhbariya. It had quoted him earlier as saying three people had died.

On Sunday, a bomb killed 20 people and wounded dozens more in Damascus.

Since the start of the year, a string of blasts have hit the cities of Damascus and Homs, which are under the control of President Bashar al-Assad's government fighting rebel groups in the country's six-year war.

(Reporting by Ellen Francis; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

Greenpeace activist illuminate the Palace of Culture and Science with words ''No Trump Yes Paris'' in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. Agencja Gazeta/Dawid Zuchowiczi via REUTERS

WARSAW Greenpeace activists projected the slogan "No Trump, Yes Paris" onto a building in central Warsaw as U.S. President Donald Trump visited Poland on Wednesday, in protest at the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement.

The action coincided with Trump's arrival in Warsaw and Greenpeace said it did not include a gathering of protesters.

The authorities said they did not expect any major protests against Trump on Thursday, though there were some small-scale demonstrations planned by a marginal opposition party.

Trump announced in May that he would pull the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement, a global accord on fighting climate change. The move drew criticism from governments and climate change activists around the world.

Poland opposed European Union's climate policy to reduce carbon emissions but supported the Paris deal as it did not imposed specific obligations on signatories.

The White House has said Trump will hold a speech underlining his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. He will also meet with EU countries closest to Russia before heading to the G20 summit in Germany which begins on Friday.

Climate issues are not expected to be discussed during Trump's visit in Warsaw, but will be a key topic at the summit of the Group of 20 leading economies.

(Reporting by Agnieszka Barteczko; Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Soldiers march during a military parade to celebrate the 206th anniversary of Venezuela's independence in Caracas, Venezuela, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello

CARACAS At least 123 members of Venezuela's armed forces have been detained since anti-government unrest began in April on charges ranging from treason and rebellion to theft and desertion, according to military documents seen by Reuters.

The list of detainees, which includes officers as well as servicemen from the lower ranks of the army, navy, air force and National Guard, provided the clearest picture to date of dissatisfaction and dissent within Venezuela's roughly 150,000-strong military.

The records, detailing prisoners held in three Venezuelan jails, showed that since April nearly 30 members of the military have been detained for deserting or abandoning their post and almost 40 for rebellion, treason, or insubordination.

Most of the remaining military prisoners were charged with theft.

Millions of Venezuelans are suffering from food shortages and soaring inflation caused by a severe economic crisis. Even within the armed forces, salaries start at the minimum wage, equivalent to around $12.50 a month at the black market exchange rate, and privately some members admit to being poorly paid and underfed.

Since the opposition started its protests more than three months ago, a handful of security officials have gone public with their discontent. Last week, rogue policeman and action movie star Oscar Perez commandeered a helicopter and attacked government buildings, claiming that a faction within the armed forces was opposed to Maduro's government.

The military documents seen by Reuters, which covered detentions until mid-June, appeared to support opposition leaders' assertions that anger and dissent among soldiers over economic hardship is more widespread.

"This shows low morale and discontent and, of course, economic necessity," one former army general said of the detentions, asking not to be named for fear of reprisals.

Venezuela's military and Information Ministry did not respond to requests for comment.

Venezuelans view the armed forces as the key power broker in their country. Opposition leaders have repeatedly exhorted military leaders to break with socialist President Nicolas Maduro.

Maduro has said that he is the victim of an "armed insurrection" by U.S.-backed opponents seeking to gain control of the OPEC country's oil wealth. He has said that the top military brass have been standing by him.

The National Guard has been at the forefront of policing protests across the country. It uses tear gas, water cannons, and rubber bullets against masked youths who in turn hurl stones, Molotov cocktails and excrement at security lines. At least 90 people have been killed since April.

Privately, some National Guard members on the streets have acknowledged being exhausted, impoverished and hungry, though most remain impassive during protests and avoid engaging in conversation with reporters.

"LITTLE RAMBOS"

The documents, which identified detainees by their rank, listed captains, sergeants, lieutenants and regular troops held in three prisons in different parts of Venezuela.

Ninety-one are at Ramo Verde, a hilltop jail near Caracas where opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez is also held.

Another two dozen are at Pica prison in the northeastern city of Maturin and eight are at Santa Ana jail in the western state of Tachira, near the Colombian border.

It was not immediately clear if military prisoners were also being held in other jails.

Three lieutenants fled to Colombia and requested asylum in May, and a man who said he was a Venezuelan naval sergeant appeared in a video published by local media last month expressing his dissent and urging colleagues to disobey "abusive" and "corrupt" superiors.

Maduro has blamed the problems on an "economic war" being waged by the opposition with backing from Washington, a position taken in public by senior military officials.

"Many are seeking ... little 'Rambos' in the armed forces, but you're not going to find them," Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino said in a video published on Monday, alluding to speculation of a military coup.

Perez, who staged the helicopter attack last week against the Interior Ministry and the Supreme Court in Caracas, appeared in an online video on Wednesday vowing to keep up the fight.

"We are fully sure of what we are doing and if we must give up our lives, we will hand them over to the people," Perez said, sitting in front of a Venezuelan flag and rifle.

(Editing by Alexandra Ulmer, Andrew Cawthorne, Toni Reinhold)

~_~

A Tesla Model S electric car is seen at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

A Tesla Model S electric car is charged by a Destination Charger at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

The logo of Tesla is seen on a steering wheel of its Model S electric car at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

A Tesla Model S electric car is seen at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji

SEOUL U.S. auto imports from the likes of General Motors (GM.N) and Ford Motor (F.N) must become more chic, affordable or fuel-efficient to reap the rewards of President Donald Trump's attempts to renegotiate a trade deal with key ally South Korea, officials and industry experts in Seoul say.

Meeting South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week in Washington, Trump said the United States would do more to address trade imbalances with South Korea and create a level playing ground for U.S. businesses, especially carmakers, in the world's 11th largest auto market by sales.

While imports from automakers including Ford, Chrysler and GM more than doubled last year largely thanks to free trade deal which took effect in 2012, sales account for just 1 percent of a market dominated by more affordable models from local giants Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS) and affiliate Kia Motors Corp (000270.KS).

Imports make up just 15 percent of the overall Korean auto market, and are mainly more luxurious models from German automakers BMW (BMWG.DE) and Daimler AG's (DAIGn.DE) Mercedes-Benz, which also benefit from a trade deal with the European Union.

"Addressing non-tariff barriers would not fundamentally raise the competitiveness of U.S. cars," a senior Korean government official told Reuters, declining to be identified because of the sensitivity of the subject.

"What we really want to say to the United States is: make good cars, make cars that Korean consumers like."

TASTE BARRIER

In Korea, U.S. imports are seen as lagging German brands in brand image, sophistication and fuel economy, industry experts say. U.S. imports do have a competitive advantage in electric cars: Tesla Motors' (TSLA.O) electric vehicles are seen as both environmentally friendly and trendy, while GM has launched a long-range Bolt EV.

U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross had cited a quota in the current trade deal as an obstacle to boosting imports.

The quota allows U.S. automakers to bring in each year 25,000 vehicles that meet U.S., not necessarily Korean, safety standards. Should GM, for example, decide to bring in more than its quota of one model - the Impala sedans - it would cost up to $75 million to modify the cars to meet Korean safety standards, the company told its local labour union.

Asked about non-tariff barriers, a spokesman at GM's Korean unit said removing them could expand the range of models the company can bring in from the United States.

No U.S. company, however, has yet to make full use of the quota, industry data shows. GM, the most popular U.S. brand, sold only 13,150 U.S.-made vehicles last year.

U.S. cars could also see the benefits of a renegotiated trade deal at a time when diesel-powered cars offered by Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) are losing appeal following cheating on emissions tests. However, they still need to appeal to the locals, experts say.

"Upgrading their vehicles and meet the luxurious taste of consumers is more important than complaining about non-tariff barriers," said Kim Pil-soo, a professor of engineering at Daelim University College near Seoul.

(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Additional reporting by Haejin Choi; Editing by Miyoung Kim and Miral Fahmy)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: An oil pump is seen operating in the Permian Basin near Midland, Texas, U.S. on May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Ernest Scheyder/File Photo

LONDON Oil recovered from a heavy fall while European stocks and bonds were in the red on Thursday, as markets waited to see if ECB meeting minutes would give clues on the bank's next moves.

The Federal Reserve gave mixed signals on Wednesday.

Market were sandwiched between what had been the largely inconclusive Fed minutes and Friday's U.S. jobs data and the start of a G20 summit that has risen in importance following this week's long-range missile test by North Korea.

The euro and the dollar were flat against each other but South Africa's rand, Turkish lira and Russian rouble buckled again after a wave of emerging market selling on Wednesday.

Bond yields, which drive global borrowing costs, were pushing higher again with benchmark U.S. Treasuries up for the sixth day in the last seven at just over 2.34 percent.

European yields and southern euro zone ones in particular were up too as investors waited to see whether the ECB would signal it is closer towards unwinding extraordinary stimulus after the Fed's minutes had shown it was still split.

"They want the process to look like paint drying," Charles Schwab UK managing director Kully Samra said of the Fed's stimulus reduction. "The S&P 500 is up 9 percent this year, so we are discouraging our clients to do anything dramatic."

Brent oil was at $48.35 a barrel in early European trading as it recovered 1 percent of the 4 percent lost on Wednesday after rising OPEC exports had raised fresh questions about the group's plans to cut back supply.

Gold was off 0.2 percent at $1,224.24 per ounce though it was up from an eight-week low of $1,217.14 it had hit the previous day.

The dollar meanwhile was stalled at 113.32 Japanese yen as it consolidated a near 1 percent gain this week and was also hovering at $1.13495 per euro.

Traders were wary of making any sudden moves before a flurry of U.S. data later, which includes ADP employment, ISM non-manufacturing PMI and the initial jobless claims report, all of which are appetizers ahead of Friday's Payrolls numbers.

Overnight in Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan ended down 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei slipped 0.5 percent as a stronger yen depressed the outlook for export earnings.

Trading in Asia has been buffeted this week by tensions on the Korean peninsula after North Korea fired a missile, which U.S. officials concluded was an intercontinental ballistic missile, into Japanese waters.

In Europe, earnings were back in focus. The pan-European STOXX 600 was down 0.2 percent ahead of the ECB's minutes. Euro zone blue chips and Britain's FTSE 100 were down a similar amount.

(Additional reporting by Nichola Saminather in Singapore)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Baidu Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Robin Li speaks in Wuzhen town of Jiaxing, Zhejiang province, China, December 17, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo

BEIJING/SHANGHAI Baidu Inc, China's biggest search engine provider, is under investigation to determine whether it had broken any laws after its chief executive tested a driverless car on public roads, Beijing's traffic police said on Thursday.

The firm, China's answer to Alphabet Inc's Google, is taking a leading role in the development of self-driving cars in China and beyond. It unveiled a broad alliance for self-driving cars on Wednesday as it aims to get such vehicles on the road in China by 2019.

But Baidu may now face sanctions from local authorities after police said in a post on its official microblog that it was investigating whether there is any irregularity in using a driverless car on public roads.

"The police support technology and innovation of autonomous driving, but it should be conducted legally, safely and scientifically," Beijing traffic police said in its statement. Any violations of the law will lead to punishment, it said.

Baidu declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.

China has been catching up in the race to develop self-driving cars, helped by supportive regulation and Beijing's desire to shift to an economy driven by high-tech and consumer sectors rather than heavy industry and low-end manufacturing.

Baidu CEO Robin Li conducted a live video chat with participants of the firm's artificial intelligence conference on Wednesday, projecting him on a huge screen sitting in the passenger seat of a self-driving car while on Beijing roads.

The episode generated discussion online, with some questioning whether Baidu had permission to conduct the test, while others said the car appeared to violate traffic rules.

Others online hailed the test. "This ticket, if issued by police, will definitely be historic," wrote one.

(Reporting by Pei Li and Adam Jourdan; Editing by Christopher Cushing)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Ford Taurus cars are seen during a presentation at the 16th Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition in Shanghai, April 21, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo

BEIJING Ford Motor Co said its China sales surged 15 percent in June, their strongest pace of the year, and it was optimistic about the outlook for the second half as the industry puts the phasing out of a tax cut behind it.

Peter Fleet, Ford's Asia-Pacific chief, said the first quarter had been difficult after a purchase tax on small-engine cars rose to 7.5 percent from 5 percent previously.

Although Ford's China sales declined 7 percent in the first-half from the same period a year ago, they were up 7 percent in the second quarter.

Sales for June alone climbed to more than 100,000 vehicles with deliveries of sedans including the Escort and Mondeo, which were hurt by the tax increase, improving.

"I would expect to see for the third quarter strong single digit percentage growth (for) the industry. That's certainly how it looks to us based on the run rate and how the month of July has opened up," Fleet said in an interview.

Ford's level of discounting tracked an overall 4 percent price decline for the industry so far this year.

"I'm not interested in driving our prices down to drive market share," Fleet said.

Year-on-year comparisons will "get a bit tricky" in the fourth quarter because sales rose so fast at the end of 2016 as consumers rushed to buy cars before the purchase tax went up, he added.

The purchase tax on small-engine cars is set for another increase back to its normal 10 percent rate in 2018.

Ford aims to focus its efforts on the sport-utility vehicle market, the fastest growing segment in China, with plans to launch a new version of the EcoSport small SUV later this year.

Outside of China, Ford continues to post positive sales growth in Southeast Asia, India and Australia, he said.

(Reporting by Jake Spring and Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)

~_~

A logo of Canon Inc is pictured at the 3D and Virtual Reality Expo in Tokyo June 20, 2012. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao/File Photo

A man walks past the Global Operations Center of General Electric Co. in San Pedro Garza Garcia, neighbouring Monterrey, Mexico, May 12, 2017. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril

BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators accused German drugmaker Merck KGaA (MRCG.DE), General Electric (GE.N) and Japan's Canon (7751.T) of providing misleading information during their merger deals, as regulators stepped up their crackdown on such practices.

The European Commission said it had sent three separate charge sheets known as statements of objections to Merck and Sigma-Aldrich, General Electric and Canon.

While the charges will not affect the EU approvals of the deals, they could lead to fines up to 1 percent of global revenue for Merck KGaA and General Electric, and up to 10 percent for Canon.

Merck KGaA was accused of failing to provide information about an innovation project for chemicals during the merger review of its Sigma-Aldrich takeover which was approved in June 2015.

GE was charged with providing misleading research and development information related to its takeover of LM Wind earlier this year.

The EU competition enforcer said Canon jumped the gun via a complex move and acquired Toshiba Medical Systems Corp prior to securing regulatory approval. The deal was approved in September 2016.

(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek)

~_~

A Tesla Model S electric car is taken for a test drive at a Tesla car dealership in Sydney, Australia, May 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed

Tesla Inc's Model S did not get the top score in certain tests by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS), the agency said on Thursday.

Chevrolet Impala, Ford Motor Co's Taurus and Tesla's Model S were the three sedans that got "only an acceptable rating" in a test designed to simulate what happens when the front driver-side corner of a vehicle strikes a tree or another vehicle, the IIHS said.

Ford's Lincoln Continental, the Mercedes-Benz E-Class and Toyota Motor Corp's Avalon received the highest rating overall, the agency said.

In the test, the seat belt in Tesla's Model S was not effective and could lead to the driver's head striking the steering wheel hard through the air bag, according to the report.

Tesla's Model S received the highest rating in IIHS's crash testing in every category except one, the small overlap front crash test, where it received the second highest rating available, a Tesla spokesperson said in an email.

"IIHS and dozens of other private industry groups around the world have methods and motivations that suit their own subjective purposes," the spokesperson said.

Tesla said the most objective and accurate independent vehicle safety test is done by the U.S. government, which found Model S and Model X to have the lowest probability of injury of any cars that it has ever tested.

In order to get the top IIHS rating, automakers must have a frontal crash prevention system with automatic braking capabilities to prevent a rear-end collision.

The vehicles must stop or slow down without driver intervention before hitting a target in tests at 12 or 25 miles per hour among other factors, IIHS said.

Toyota said in a statement it is committed to developing safe and reliable vehicles.

General Motors Co declined to comment, while Ford and Mercedes were not immediately available for comment.

The IIHS is a research arm of the insurance industry, and its crash tests are increasingly influential in guiding vehicle safety design. Automakers strive for top ratings in IIHS tests as they do on federal crash tests.

(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Gopakumar Warrier)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Omar Khadr leaves a news conference after being released on bail in Edmonton, Alberta, May 7, 2015. REUTERS/Todd Korol/File Photo

FILE PHOTO: Omar Khadr smiles as he answers questions during a news conference after being released on bail in Edmonton, Alberta, May 7, 2015. REUTERS/Dan Riedlhuber/File Photo

OTTAWA Critics attacked Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Wednesday for his planned move to pay millions to a Canadian citizen held at Guantanamo Bay for a decade but insiders and experts said Ottawa had little choice but to settle for an expensive compromise.

Reuters reported on Tuesday that Trudeau's Liberal government would pay Omar Khadr around C$10 million (5.96 million pounds) and offer a formal apology to compensate him for abuses he suffered as an inmate at the U.S. military prison in Cuba.

Defenders of the deal noted the Supreme Court had ruled three times in favour of Khadr. In 2010, it said Canada breached his rights by sending intelligence agents to interrogate him and sharing the results with the United States.

"The Supreme Court rulings were very clear. This is about respecting fundamental human rights in Canada," said one person with knowledge of the case, who asked to remain anonymous given the sensitivity of the matter.

The Globe and Mail and Toronto Star, two of Canada's most influential newspapers, on Wednesday ran editorials welcoming the settlement.

Khadr, 30, was captured in Afghanistan in 2002 at age 15 after a firefight with U.S. soldiers. He pleaded guilty to killing a U.S. Army medic and became Guantanamo's youngest prisoner.

The opposition Conservative Party, which was in power for most of the decade that Khadr spent in Guantanamo, said it was wrong to pay someone who had admitted a serious crime.

"It's a tragic case on all levels but we can't excuse the behaviour of Mr Khadr and to certainly almost reward it in this way is, I think, a travesty," legislator Erin O'Toole told the Canadian Broadcasting Corp.

The political impact for Trudeau looks to be limited. The next election is not until October 2019 and the Liberals still enjoy a healthy lead in voter surveys.

"First of all, a lot of this is inside baseball. Secondly, it's pretty clear Omar Khadr has been a victim," Nanos Research pollster Nik Nanos said.

Khadr is suing Ottawa for C$20 million and the government would have weighed the political damage of continuing to fight him in court, said Professor Audrey Macklin, chair of human rights law at the University of Toronto.

"A protracted litigation case would be very, very expensive ... and would lead almost inevitably to the disclosure of evidence that would bring the government of Canada into disrepute," Macklin said.

(Reporting by David Ljunggren and Leah Schnurr; Editing by Denny Thomas and Grant McCool)

~_~

OTTAWA Home sales in the Vancouver area fell in June compared with the year before, while prices jumped as demand for condominiums in the Canadian city led to bidding wars, data showed on Wednesday.

The benchmark price for all types of residential properties in Metro Vancouver was C$998,700 ($769,240) in June, the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver said in a report. That marks an increase of 1.8 percent from the previous month and a gain of 7.9 percent from June last year.

The once-hot market of Vancouver, the country's most expensive, has seen sales slow as it adjusts to a foreign buyers tax put in place by the provincial government last August amid concern that speculation from overseas buyers was leading to a housing bubble.

Sales fell 11.5 percent in June from a year ago when a record number of homes were sold, the industry group said. Sales were also down 10.8 percent on a monthly basis, though they were still 14.5 percent above the 10-year sales average for June.

Condominium prices were being lifted by multiple offers from competing buyers, while demand for detached homes has eased to more typical levels, Jill Oudil, the real estate board's president, said in a statement.

Prices for detached homes were up 1.4 percent from last June, while the benchmark price for apartments jumped 17.6 percent.

Total home listings in the west coast city were up 9 percent from a year ago, despite a 2.6 percent decrease in new listings.

($1 = 1.2983 Canadian dollars)

(Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Omar Khadr smiles as he answers questions during a news conference after being released on bail in Edmonton, Alberta, May 7, 2015. Khadr, a Canadian, was once the youngest prisoner held on terror charges at Guantanamo Bay. REUTERS/Dan Riedlhuber/File Photo

FILE PHOTO: Omar Khadr leaves a news conference after being released on bail in Edmonton, Alberta, May 7, 2015. Khadr, a Canadian, was once the youngest prisoner held on terror charges at Guantanamo Bay. REUTERS/Todd Korol/File Photo

OTTAWA Canada's Liberal government will apologise to former Guantanamo Bay inmate Omar Khadr and pay him around C$10 million (£6 million) in compensation, two sources close to the matter said on Tuesday, prompting opposition protests.

A Canadian citizen, Khadr was captured in Afghanistan in 2002 at age 15 after a firefight with U.S. soldiers. He pleaded guilty to killing a U.S. Army medic and became the youngest inmate held at the military prison in Cuba.

Khadr later recanted and his lawyers said he had been grossly mistreated. In 2010, the Canadian Supreme Court ruled that Canada breached his rights by sending intelligence agents to interrogate him and sharing the results with the United States.

The case proved divisive: defenders called Khadr a child soldier while the then-Conservative government dismissed calls to seek leniency, noting he had pleaded guilty to a serious crime.

"Meet Canada's newest multi-millionaire – Omar Khadr," said the Conservatives as they unveiled a protest petition.

Tony Clement, the Conservative Party's public safety spokesman, said "it is one thing to acknowledge alleged mistreatment, but it is wrong to lavishly reward a convicted terrorist who murdered an allied soldier who had a wife and two children".

Khadr spent a decade in Guantanamo before being returned to Canada in 2012 to serve the rest of his sentence. He was released on bail in 2015 and lives in Edmonton, Alberta.

The Canadian government and Khadr's lawyers agreed on the compensation deal, said the sources, who asked to remain anonymous given the sensitivity. Canada has reached a series of expensive settlements with citizens imprisoned abroad who alleged Ottawa was complicit in their mistreatment.

Khadr, 30, had sued Ottawa for C$20 million on grounds of violating his human rights. News of the settlement was broken by the Globe and Mail newspaper.

A spokesman for Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale declined to comment. Khadr's lawyers did not respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Embassy was closed for the July Fourth holiday.

Khadr was taken to Afghanistan by his father, an al Qaeda member, who apprenticed the boy to a group of bomb makers. The father died in a battle with Pakistani forces in 2003.

"It is the right decision in light of the callous and unlawful treatment meted out to Mr. Khadr with the complicity of Canadian officials," said Ihsaan Gardee, executive director of the National Council of Canadian Muslims.

(Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Denny Thomas, Howard Goller, Jonathan Oatis and Diane Craft)

~_~

Novo Nordisk logo is seen in Bagsvaerd outside of Copenhagen, Denmark February 1, 2017. Scanpix Denmark/Liselotte Sabroe via REUTERS

Danish drugmaker Novo Nordisk said on Wednesday it was initiating a recall of insulin cartridge holders used in some NovoPen Echo insulin pen devices distributed in the United States because the holders may crack or break if exposed to certain chemicals, including certain cleaning agents.

Using a device with a cracked or broken cartridge holder could result in delivery of a smaller dose of insulin than expected, the company said.

Separately, Novo Nordisk warned of a similar problem with NovoPen Echo and NovoPen 5 devices distributed in Canada.

Novo Nordisk said people with diabetes using a pen from one of the affected lots should replace the cartridge holder.

(Reporting by Ben Hirschler and Rama Venkat Raman; Editing by James Dalgleish; editing by David Clarke)

~_~

CALGARY, Alberta Canada's energy regulator should shift the burden for ensuring quality of oil-and-gas pipeline parts from operators and move it more to manufacturers, according to an official report viewed by Reuters.

The National Energy Board (NEB) commissioned the report to improve the equality of pipeline parts after TransCanada Corp (TRP.TO) and Enbridge Inc (ENB.TO) discovered that some parts they were using were substandard.

Currently, operators often have to provide additional specifications for parts because standards are too low, placing them at a disadvantage, according to the report, which was provided to Reuters ahead of its public release.

"This creates an uneven playing field where pipeline operators with comprehensive specifications are placed in an uncompetitive position due to higher procurement costs," the report read.

Canada, home to the world's third-largest oil reserves, relies heavily on pipelines, making it imperative for them to be secure.

Policies should be developed "to ensure pipeline-operator quality strategies are transferred to all parties in the supply chain," according to the paper.

While the report's recommendations are not binding, NEB chief engineer Iain Colquhoun told Reuters this week the regulator's push for higher standards for manufacturers will ensure pipeline operators do not need to outline comprehensive additional specifications.

"We'll absolutely level the playing field," he said.

The higher standards would apply to all manufacturers who provide parts to Canadian pipeline operators, including South Korea's TK Corp (023160.KQ) and Italy's Valvitalia Sp (IPO-VALIT.MI), which had provided some substandard parts to TransCanada and Enbridge, according to the NEB.

TransCanada, which was among companies represented at an NEB workshop last week on quality assurance for pipeline parts, said it will use conclusions from the event to bolster its quality management program.

Enbridge, TK Corp and Valvitalia did not respond to requests for comment.

The Canadian Energy Pipelines Association, which includes TransCanada and Enbridge, said it is possible that manufacturers could still pass on some costs of the higher standards. But operators will not be heavily affected as they can make the money back through the lifecycle of their pipelines, CEPA said.

Colquhoun said possible new measures for quality assurance include more standardization of manufacturing methods and training for certain employees of pipeline operators.

The report recommended changes that also include more disclosures and tracking of materials from manufacturers.

The NEB will decide on detailed measures this year. It could take up to 2023 for changes to be adopted formally by the external standards association, but the regulator will take action if quality assurance issues demand immediate attention, Colquhoun said.

(Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Dan Grebler)

~_~

Governor of the Bank of Canada Stephen S. Poloz leaves the G7 for Financial ministers meeting in the southern Italian city of Bari, Italy, May 12, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi

FRANKFURT/OTTAWA Canada's inflation should be well into an uptrend by the first half of 2018, the Bank of Canada's head told a German newspaper, adding that policy normalization must begin before price growth hits its target in the latest hawkish comments from the central bank.

The Bank of Canada has set the stage for interest rate hikes to come as soon as later this month in comments made in recent weeks, surprising many analysts who had not expected a hike until 2018.

Two top policymakers said last week that the two interest rate cuts made in 2015 to offset the shock of cheap oil prices have done their job.

Markets are now pricing in 54.4 percent odds of a hike after the Bank of Canada's next meeting on July 12..

A hike would be the bank's first since 2010. The bank cut interest rates to 0.50 percent in 2015 and have held steady since.

Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz reinforced those expectations in an interview with Handelsblatt published on Tuesday, which boosted the Canadian dollar to a nearly 10-month high against the greenback.

While Poloz noted that Canada's core inflation, which strips out volatile items, is "fairly soft," he said monetary policy must anticipate where the economy will be in 18 or 24 months from now.

"If we only watched inflation and reacted to inflation, we would never reach our inflation target, we'd always be two years behind in the reaction," Handelsblatt quoted Poloz as saying.

"So we have to look at the rest of our indicators in the models that predict inflation," he added, suggesting that easing off the accelerator is appropriate even before hitting the target.

Canada's annual inflation rate cooled more than expected in May to 1.3 percent, while the three measures of core inflation the central bank set last year also remained subdued. The bank has an inflation target of 2 percent.

Canada's output gap - the difference between actual and potential output - would likely close sometime in the first half of 2018, suggesting that by then, inflation should be well into an uptrend, Poloz added.

He added that while oil prices have fallen recently, levels between $40 to $50 per barrel are "not a big issue" for now.

(Reporting by Balazs Koranyi in Frankfurt, Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; Editing by Denny Thomas and and Jonathan Oatis)

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 4, 2017 Czech Republic’s Karolina Pliskova celebrates winning the first round match against Russia’s Evgeniya Rodina REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 Czech Republic's Petra Kvitova in action during her second round match against USA's Madison Brengle REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

LONDON The Czech challenge for the Wimbledon women's title may have lost Petra Kvitova but third-seed and bookmaker's favourite Karolina Pliskova will continue her bid on Thursday.

While threats of thunderstorms in SW19 could mean some delays to the programme on what could be a warm, muggy day, Pliskova will expect no disruption to her timetable.

Slovak Magdalena Rybarikova is an experienced campaigner, however, who is rebuilding her rankings after a series of injury woes and represents a tricky test on Centre Court.

Kvitova's attempt to repeat her triumphs in 2011 and 2014, ended with a second-round loss to 95th-ranked American Madison Brengle on Wednesday.

World number one Angelique Kerber is also in action, taking on Belgian veteran Kirsten Flipkens.

On the men's side, seven-times champion Roger Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two.

The pair will be looking to get a full game under their belts after their first round challenger both retired injured early in their contests on Tuesday.

(Reporting by Simon Evans; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

LONDON Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after both were denied a chance to savour match-point glory in their first-round matches.

When seven-times champion Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two, they will be hoping to put on an entertaining show from start to finish after Tuesday's fans were left feeling rather short-changed.

Djokovic, winner of three titles here, was leading Martin Klizan 6-3 2-0 when the injured Slovakian went up to shake hands with the Serb after calling time on the match with only 40 minutes on the clock.

Unbelievably for the Centre Court crowd, there were given a repeat performance just over an hour later when Federer's opponent Alexandr Dolgopolov also pulled out when trailing 3-6 0-3.

While the seven first-round withdrawals in the men's field left many questioning if players who are not fully fit should be allowed to start a tournament, on the women's side of the draw the competitors will be keen to live up to Agnieszka Radwanska's observation that "girls are really, really tough".

The 2012 finalist takes on American Christina McHale while last year's runner up Angelique Kerber, who has struggled to recapture the form that carried her to two grand slam titles last year, will be hoping she survives a tricky match against Belgian Kirsten Flipkens.

(Editing by Ed Osmond)

~_~

Gene Conley, the only man to win both a baseball World Series and an NBA championship in basketball, died on Tuesday at the age of 86, the Boston Red Sox said in a statement.

The right-handed pitcher played for the Red Sox as well as the Boston/Milwaukee Braves and Philadelphia Phillies during his 11 seasons from 1952 to 1963.

It was with the Braves that the three-time All Star won the World Series in 1957.

The 6ft 8in (2.03m) Conley, who had put basketball on hold for much of the mid-1950s while he concentrated on baseball, returned to hoops during the 1958-59 season and won the first of three consecutive NBA championships with the Boston Celtics.

After his retirement from sport, Conley and his wife, Katie, lived in Foxboro, Massachusetts, where they established the Foxboro Paper Company. They had three children and seven grandchildren.

(Reporting by Rory Carroll in Los Angeles, editing by Nick Mulvenney)

~_~

Defending world long jump champion Greg Rutherford has been ruled out of the Anniversary Games in London on July 9 with an ankle ligament injury but hopes to recover in time for the World Championships in August, the 30-year-old has said.

Rutherford has struggled with injuries this year and underwent scans on his ankle after winning the long jump event at the Gavardo meeting in Italy last month. He also missed the British team trials last Saturday.

"After some really excellent training this year, the start to the season has been riddled with a series of troublesome injuries, most recently a problem with an ankle ligament," Rutherford said in a statement on his verified Twitter account.

"As a result, I am absolutely gutted to say that I am unable to compete at the Anniversary Games this weekend -- one of the greatest events in our sport."

"Obviously this isn't ideal, but I am doing everything to give myself the best chance of success at the World Championships in London... "

The former Olympic champion is scheduled to defend his title at the World Championships being held from Aug. 4-13.

(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Tennis - French Open - Roland Garros, Paris, France - 28/5/17 Australia's Bernard Tomic in action during his first round match against Austria's Dominic ThiemReuters / Gonzalo Fuentes

SYDNEY Australia reacted with indignation and some concern on Thursday to Bernard Tomic's admission after a lacklustre first round defeat at Wimbledon that he was struggling to care about his results at major tournaments.

Tomic's comments came two days after the exit of Australia's other main men's hope Nick Kyrgios, who has had his own struggles with motivation and once said he did not even much like the game that gave him his living.

Kyrgios cut short his opener at the All England Club because of a hip problem but Tomic limped out with a listless 6-3 6-4 6-3 first-round defeat at the hands of Germany's Mischa Zverev.

His remarks afterwards sparked outrage among some of his predecessors in the top echelons of the game in Australia, a nation that has always prided itself on its mental toughness in the sporting arena.

Some closer to Tomic's home on the Gold Coast, however, were more concerned that the "mental issues" the 24-year-old admitted to having on court were indicative of wider problems for the once child prodigy.

Neil Guiney, who coached Tomic from the age of seven until his early teens, was not surprised by Tomic's words, which he felt might herald the end of his career.

"I've been expecting this for a long time," he told the Gold Coast Bulletin. "I just got the feeling that this is how things would draw to a close.

"He's never had the drive really since he was very, very young.

"He's talking about 'I'll play on for so many years and that will set me up for life'... he won't get in the draw, his ranking will drop down, down, down.

"The writing's been on the wall for a long time."

Tennis Gold Coast president Mike Ford, who has also known Tomic since he was a child, called for the player to be left alone.

"He's obviously going through a very dark period. He needs time and he needs space," he told the paper.

"I heard a commentator say he's taking up the spot of someone else -- no he isn't. He earned the spot, he's entitled to the prize money.

"Not many realise the work he had to do. He trained at Queens Park in Southport, was there every day with this dad, 11, 12, 13 years old and grinded himself into the court, hour after hour... I don't forget those sort of things."

(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney; Editing by John O'Brien)

~_~

Usher & The Roots perform during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

Usher (L) & Tarik Trotter from The Roots perform during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

Usher & The Roots perform during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

Logo of Montreux Jazz Festival is seeing outside the Auditorium Stravinski during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

Usher & The Roots perform during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

Tarik Trotter from The Roots performs during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

Usher & The Roots perform during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

Usher (L) & Tarik Trotter from The Roots perform during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

Usher & The Roots perform during the 51st Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux, Switzerland, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy

MONTREUX, Switzerland Usher and The Roots, and Trombone Shorty gave high-energy shows at the Montreux Jazz Festival on Wednesday night, bringing American funk, hip-hop and R&B to the famed stage.

Legendary producer Quincy Jones introduced Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue, recalling having heard him play as a child on the radio. "He was 8 years old then, now he's 31, my brother Trombone Shorty."

"You've got a night to remember," said Jones, a co-director of Montreux in the 1990s. "These are some talented boys."

The New Orleans musician and singer, born Troy Andrews, opened the night, making his third appearance, five years after his last show in 2012.

Wearing black sunglasses, he bounded onto the stage and kneeled to play trombone during the first number "Backatown".

He played tracks from his latest album "Parking Lot Symphony", released in April, often doing both vocals and trombone, and ending with a tribute to James Brown.

"It's the third time I've heard him. I'd like to see him in New Orleans," said American Sharon Boggs, a resident of Switzerland attending the 51st edition of one of Europe's most prestigious festivals. "He should be the main act. Everybody else is here for Usher."

Usher, joined by the legendary hip-hop group The Roots and its lead singer Tarik Trotter, initially wore a black sequin jacket before shedding layers. Backed by more than a dozen musicians and singers he played tracks from his latest album Hard II Love gand displayed his dance moves.

Highlights were his hits "Bad Girl" and "Let It Burn" - during which he asked the crowd to light up their phones - followed by "Yeah!".

The eight-time Grammy-winning singer, whose full name is Usher Raymond, has been ranked by the Recording Industry Association of America as one of the best-selling artists in American music history, having sold over 75 million albums worldwide.

The crowd paid up to 295 Swiss francs for the four-hour event but Trombone Shorty and Usher did not appear together.

Lauryn Hill of Fugees fame, Macy Gray, Ibrahim Maalouf, and Erykah Badu and Solange, sister of Beyonce, are among other artists booked at the festival that lasts through July 15.

A bronze statue of the late festival founder Claude Nobs was unveiled on Sunday in a lakeside garden alongside those of giants Aretha Franklin, Miles Davis and Ray Charles whom he brought to the Montreux stage.

(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Andrew Hay)

~_~

Models present creations by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

A model presents a creation by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel, with a giant replica of the Eiffel tower at the Grand Palais exhibition hall in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

A model presents a creation by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

A model presents a creation by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

A model presents a creation by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

A model presents a creation by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

A model presents a creation by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

Actress Alma Jodorowsky poses during a photocall before the Chanel Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection show in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

Actress Pom Klementieff poses during a photocall before the Chanel Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection show in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

Actress Joana Preiss posses during a photocell before the Chanel Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

A model presents a creation by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

German designer Karl Lagerfeld appears at the end of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

Model presents creations by German designer Karl Lagerfeld as part of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

German designer Karl Lagerfeld appears at the end of his Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY

A giant replica of the Eiffel Tower is seen at the Grand Palais before the German designer Karl Lagerfeld Fall/Winter 2017/2018 collection for fashion house Chanel in Paris, France, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY

PARIS Karl Lagerfeld presented Chanel's haute couture collection under a scaled-down version of the Eiffel Tower on Tuesday.

Haute couture fashion week is open to an exclusive club of designers who make bespoke collections by hand and includes Chanel, Dior and Jean-Paul Gaultier.

Lagerfeld has a history of eye-catching set designs for his runway shows and models have previously weaved through an airport departure lounge, a supermarket and a busy brasserie.

This season it was back to basics with the mock-up tower straddling a catwalk inside the Grand Palais.

Models paraded in demure A-line skirts, hooded coats and wide-legged jumpsuits in classic Chanel tweed.

They were crowned with matching bowler-style hats in keeping with the collection's vintage feel, although their transparent low block heels added a modern twist.

Another of Lagerfeld's labels, Fendi, is set to close the Paris fashion week on Wednesday.

(Reporting by Johnny Cotton; Editing by Richard Lough and Alexander Smith)

~_~

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

"War for the Planet of the Apes" sees motion-capture performance specialist Andy Serkis return in his role as Caesar, leader of a super-intelligent band of apes who take on an army led by Woody Harrelson's ruthless colonel in a post-apocalyptic setting.

Serkis said the conflict between apes and humans at the film's core was a warning against supremacist ideologies.

"If you think your species is better, if you think your type of people or your type of religion or anything that your set of beliefs is better than someone else's, then that is the road to ruin," he said.

Serkis's on-screen antagonist Harrelson, who has experience in dystopian cinema from his role in the "Hunger Games" films, said that he had been a fan of the renewed series before being asked to appear in it.

"It was a privilege to be asked to do it. I don't think it's that I'm drawn to that (dark sci-fi films), I'm just drawn - some things make sense. Some things you can't say no to."

"War" follows on from "Rise of the Planet of the Apes", and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", and is to be the final instalment of this series, but not the end of the franchise altogether, said the film's director and co-writer Matt Reeves.

The original "Planet of the Apes" spawned a five-film series that ran from 1968 to 1973. The first film, an arresting science fiction classic that starred Charlton Heston, won an Oscar for its prosthetic make-up effects and was a critical and commercial hit, but the subsequent movies struggled to replicate the original's success.

(Writing by Mark Hanrahan in London; editing by Mark Heinrich)

~_~

Amiruddin Shah, 16, speaks to his instructor Yehuda Maor during a practice session at a dance academy in Mumbai, India, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui

MUMBAI Amiruddin Shah has been described as India's "Billy Elliot" -- a young lover of dance who rises from humble beginnings to great things on the ballet stage.

It is strangely appropriate. Shah, the 16-year-old son of a metal welder, dared to give up his studies a few years back to chase his ballet dreams.

He has now received an invitation from the American Ballet Theatre's Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis School in New York City for a four-year course.

And all because of a video clip.

Some months ago, Yehuda Maor, Shah's instructor at the Danceworx Performing Arts Academy in Mumbai, sent the artistic director of the school a clip of Shah dancing.

The director, Cynthia Harvey, jumped at the idea, insisting Shah turn down a rival offer from the Royal Ballet School in London and attend her school's pre-professional program.

In Maor's estimation, Shah, the youngest of five siblings, is an unusually rare talent.

"I don't believe in reincarnation, but if I did he is Rudolf Nureyev," Maor said, referring to the ballet great once described as juggling "his weight on his feet the way magicians juggle objects with their hands".

Not long ago, Shah was in a different kind of school, one run by the Mumbai municipality. He studied up to the 10th grade, but said he "wasn't interested in school anymore".

Enter Maor, who signed up on Twitter and has since tweeted eight times asking for financial assistance for Shah and another gifted dancer.

The appeals have brought -- among other things -- a scrum of reporters and photographers to the dance studio, a development that annoys Maor.

"We're trying to work here," he told two reporters before turning them away and as New York-bound Shah watched a news clip of himself twirling on a rooftop.

(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)

~_~

LOS ANGELES With the help of some of pop and R&B's biggest names, music producer DJ Khaled's latest album "Grateful" debuted atop the weekly U.S. Billboard 200 album chart on Monday.

"Grateful," with songs such as "Shining" with Beyonce and Jay Z and "I'm the One" with Justin Bieber, Chance the Rapper, Lil Wayne and Quavo, sold 149,000 album units, according to figures from Nielsen SoundScan.

The Billboard 200 album chart tallies units from album sales, song sales (10 songs equal one album) and streaming activity (1,500 streams equal one album).

Other new entries in the top 10 of the Billboard 200 chart this week include alt-rock group Imagine Dragons' new album "Evolve" at No. 2, late pop star Prince's reissued "Purple Rain" album at No. 4 and rockers 311 at No. 6 with "Mosaic."

Last week's chart-topper, Lorde's "Melodrama," dropped to No. 13 this week.

On the Digital Songs chart, which measures online single sales, Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi's summer hit "Despacito" featuring Justin Bieber continued its reign at No. 1 with another 136,000 copies sold.

(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Baidu Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Robin Li speaks in Wuzhen town of Jiaxing, Zhejiang province, China, December 17, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song/File Photo

BEIJING/SHANGHAI Baidu Inc, China's biggest search engine provider, is under investigation to determine whether it had broken any laws after its chief executive tested a driverless car on public roads, Beijing's traffic police said on Thursday.

The firm, China's answer to Alphabet Inc's Google, is taking a leading role in the development of self-driving cars in China and beyond. It unveiled a broad alliance for self-driving cars on Wednesday as it aims to get such vehicles on the road in China by 2019.

But Baidu may now face sanctions from local authorities after police said in a post on its official microblog that it was investigating whether there is any irregularity in using a driverless car on public roads.

"The police support technology and innovation of autonomous driving, but it should be conducted legally, safely and scientifically," Beijing traffic police said in its statement. Any violations of the law will lead to punishment, it said.

Baidu declined to comment when contacted by Reuters.

China has been catching up in the race to develop self-driving cars, helped by supportive regulation and Beijing's desire to shift to an economy driven by high-tech and consumer sectors rather than heavy industry and low-end manufacturing.

Baidu CEO Robin Li conducted a live video chat with participants of the firm's artificial intelligence conference on Wednesday, projecting him on a huge screen sitting in the passenger seat of a self-driving car while on Beijing roads.

The episode generated discussion online, with some questioning whether Baidu had permission to conduct the test, while others said the car appeared to violate traffic rules.

Others online hailed the test. "This ticket, if issued by police, will definitely be historic," wrote one.

(Reporting by Pei Li and Adam Jourdan; Editing by Christopher Cushing)

~_~

HONG KONG Tencent Holdings' (0700.HK) online publishing subsidiary has sought a waiver from Hong Kong listing rules to allow it to withhold shareholding information of some executives, drawing criticism from corporate governance advocates.

China Literature Ltd requested the unusual exemption from the Hong Kong bourse, saying revealing the three executives' stakes "would attract unnecessary attention amongst Tencent's employees and would likely create an unfavorable and political working environment which would significantly distort Tencent's workplace culture and distract them from their business duties within [Tencent] as well as their duties as directors of our

Company."

The online publisher filed for a Hong Kong IPO on Monday. The three executives are its board members and would have to disclose their stakes in Tencent as per the city's listing rules. The waiver request will now be vetted by the listing committee of the Hong Kong stock exchange.

"That's an outrageous waiver request, and I hope that the listing committee will reject it," said David Webb, Hong Kong's leading investor activist and a former director of the Hong Kong stock exchange. "It is the thin end of a nasty wedge if the listing committee allows companies not to disclose directors' shareholdings in their parent company."

Jamie Allen, secretary general of the Asian Corporate Governance Association, said it would set a bad precedent to grant the exception.

Tencent, China Literature and the Hong Kong bourse didn't immediately reply to Reuters requests for comment.

China Literature asked for a waiver so it doesn't have to reveal the stakes held in Tencent by James Gordon Mitchell, a former Goldman Sachs banker and Tencent's chief strategy officer; Cheng Wu, CEO of Tencent Pictures; and Lin Haifeng, general manager of the merger and acquisitions department at Tencent Science & Technology (Shenzhen) Co.

The three are non-executive directors in China Literature's nine-member board, with Mitchell also acting as chairman.

They hold "an insignificant percentage of share capital" in Tencent, the filing added. But with a market capitalization of nearly $330 billion, even a tiny stake in China's biggest social network and online entertainment firm would make the executives multi-millionaires.

In its 2016 annual report Tencent disclosed the stakes held by Chairman Ma Huateng, also known as Pony Ma, President Lau Chi Ping Martin, or Martin Lau, and four independent non-executive directors. The value of the stakes ranged from $29 billion for Ma to as low as $126,348 for one of the independent directors.

As in most markets, shareholders owning 5 percent or more of any stock must be disclosed to the Hong Kong stock exchange and under listing rules IPO candidates must also reveal the interests and short positions their board directors hold in the issuer itself or "associated corporations."

Publicly listed companies must also disclose the interests and short positions of their CEOs and all directors in shares and debentures in the companies themselves or associated corporations under a separate rule, the Securities and Futures Ordinance (SFO).

That means even if China Literature were granted the waiver, it would still have to reveal the stakes at a later date.

"The listing committee has no powers to waive SFO obligations, so as soon as the company is listed, they would have to file disclosures, which will be available to the public," investor Webb added. "So not including them in the prospectus would only delay disclosure."

(Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)

~_~

FILE PHOTO - A man arrives at the Uber offices in Queens, New York, U.S., February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo

Uber said on Thursday it would suspend its unlicensed service UberPOP in Finland until a law deregulating the taxi market comes into effect next year.

The U.S. ride-hailing company has come under fierce pressure from traditional taxi drivers and regulators across Europe who accuse it of unfair competition and skirting traditional licensing rules. UberPOP has already been suspended in several European capitals, including Paris and Brussels.

Its Finnish country manager Joel Jarvinen said it would halt UberPOP in Finland to avoid problems for its drivers.

"We want to ensure that we do not pose drivers who use our app or our employees any unnecessary issues – especially now that we have a bright future to look forward to. We believe that the best way to do so and focus on the future is to pause UberPOP and relaunch in the summer of 2018," Jarvinen said in a blog post on Thursday.

Uber's licensed service UberBLACK will continue operating in the Finnish capital Helsinki and Jarvinen said the company was committed to supporting the hundreds of drivers who would no longer be able to make money with UberPOP.

Once the new law comes into effect, drivers will still need permits but annual permit quotas and fare restrictions will be removed, which could help new entrants to the market.

Uber is legal in Finland provided its drivers hold valid taxi licenses, but the company has been the target of police investigations and drivers have been ordered to give up their earnings to the state for not having valid taxi permits.

Helsinki district court last week ordered the assets of Jarvinen be confiscated until police conclude an investigation into whether Uber operates an illegal taxi service in Finland.

(Reporting by Julia Fioretti with additional reporting by Tuomas Forsell; Editing by Susan Fenton)

~_~

FILE PHOTO - The Union Flag flies near the Houses of Parliament in London, Britain, June 7, 2017. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne/File Photo

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

The private email accounts of up to 90 of the 650 members of Britain's House of Commons were targeted in late June, with some news reports suggesting that the attack was carried out by a foreign government, such as Russia.

However, cyber security experts had found that the hackers only managed to access accounts of lawmakers who used primitive and easily discovered passwords, the sources, who are familiar with the investigations into the attacks, said.

It remains unclear who did carry out the attack, they added.

Investigators hope the hack will convince politicians and other public figures to use more sophisticated passwords for their email and other online activities.

British authorities are not commenting publicly on the progress of investigations, but an official cautioned after the hack was discovered that "cyber threats to the UK come from criminals, terrorists, hacktivists as well as nation states."

(Reporting by Mark Hosenball; Editing by Alexander Smith)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A child plays the game 'Honour of Kings' by Tencent at home in Dezhou, Shandong province, China July 2, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

​Unable to compete with her boyfriend's obsession with the hugely popular and top-grossing online game "Honour of Kings", the unemployed 23-year-old from Zhejiang province figured she might as well join him.

So began Zeng's journey through Tencent Holdings' fantasy world of kings, queens and life-or-death adventures. A journey that has practically become a full-time job.

"I'm out of work at the moment, so apart from when I'm eating or sleeping I play "Honour of Kings" non-stop until the system kicks me out. A rough estimate would be at least eight hours," she said.

Honour of Kings, a fantasy multiplayer role-playing battle game, is the most popular mobile game in China with around 55 million daily active users, more than Pokemon Go at its peak, and it's the highest-grossing mobile game in China.

Its massive success, however, has drawn scrutiny from China's official media - which described it as "poison" - as well as parents and teachers amid concerns that children are becoming addicted to the game. Half of those playing it are below 24 years of age, according to Chinese mobile data firm Jiguang.

The main criticism of "Honour of Kings" is not due to its violent content, but more about concerns over addiction. China's communist party mouthpiece, the People's Daily, cited examples of teenagers stealing money to spend on game features and also a case of alleged suicide.

On Sunday, Tencent, which has a portfolio of more than 200 games, said it would limit "Honour of Kings" players below 12 years of age to one hour of play time each day, while those aged 12 to 18 would be limited to two hours a day.

The secrets to its success include the fact that games are relatively short at around 20 minutes for each and "Honour of Kings" is seen as a social tool, with scores of players telling Reuters it now played a huge part in their social lives.

"It's not just a game, but it's now becoming a crucial part of my social life ... It's crazy, like everyone is playing, and I just don't want to be left out, said Crysal Xu, a 20-year-old university student living in Toronto.

"I am totally addicted to it. I play it during lunch time, class breaks, bus-waiting periods."

Liu Jie, a 24-year-old who works for a local government was caught red-handed when officials from the local disciplinary inspection department burst into his office only to find him playing "Honour of Kings".

For Liu, who said he had to write a letter criticizing his actions, the game is also a spectator sport of sorts.

"Sometimes, you log on not to play the game, but also to check which friends of yours are online, to see how well they have been doing in the battles," Liu said. "

"Once you send them an emoji, you just start talking."

(Reporting By Stella Qiu and Ryan Woo in BEIJING and Doris Huang, Susan Gao in HONG KONG; Writing by Anne Marie Roantre; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)

~_~

The news out of South Korea is dominated by political instability, but inside the country, strong and stable relationships between academia and industry continue to drive economic growth and technological innovation. That’s the conclusion of Reuters’ second annual ranking of the Asia Pacific region’s Most Innovative Universities, a list that identifies and ranks the educational institutions doing the most to advance science and invent new technologies.

The most innovative university in the region, for the second year running, is South Korea’s KAIST. Formerly known as the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, it is the nation’s oldest research-oriented science and engineering university, with campuses in Daejeon, Seoul and Busan.

KAIST earned its first-place rank, in part, by producing a high volume of influential inventions. Its researchers submit more patents than 74 out of the 75 top-ranked universities in the region, and outside researchers frequently cite KAIST inventions in their own patents and research papers. Those are key criteria in Reuters ranking of Asia Pacific’s Most Innovative Universities, which was compiled in partnership with Clarivate Analytics, and is based on proprietary data and analysis of indicators including patent filings and research paper citations.

Recent KAIST research highlights include the development of a “parasite” robot that controls the movements of a living host: The device is mounted onto the shell of a turtle, and uses a combination of flashing lights and food rewards to direct the animal. The research could lead to hybrid animal-robot systems that would allow access to environments that would otherwise be difficult to reach on their own. In 2015 a university team collaborated with Rainbow Co, a company spun out of KAIST's Humanoid Robot Research Center, to win the U.S. Department of Defense's DARPA Robotics Challenge with an adaptable humanoid robot, DRC-HUBO.

The second most innovative university in the Asia Pacific region is also based in South Korea. Seoul National University was founded in 1946 as the country’s first national university, and now operates 16 colleges, one graduate school and 10 professional schools. In 2016 SNU received more than KRW 76 billion (about $68 million) in research funding from external industry, approximately 15 percent of its total funding.

South Korean universities typically have close relationships with industry. Fourth-place Pohang University of Science & Technology, or POSTECH, was actually founded by the South Korean steel company POSCO in 1986, and its 400-acre campus is located only a few minutes away from POSCO headquarters. POSTECH ranks first among all universities on the list in terms of the percentage of research articles it produces that include a co-author from industry, and the number of times its research papers are cited by articles originating in the private sector.

Overall, South Korean universities fill four of the top five spots on the ranking and eight of the top 20. There are 22 South Korean universities among the top 75, far more than you’d expect from a relatively small nation. Korea’s population is just under 51 million, so that’s one top-ranked university per 2.3 million people. In contrast, China has the most universities on the list – 25 between Hong Kong and the mainland – but it also has a massive population of more than 1.37 billion people, or one top-ranked university per 54.9 million people. (Japan has 19 ranked universities, Australia has five, Singapore has two, and New Zealand and India each have one.)

Some nations underperform on the ranking because of the way they organize their university systems. Despite boasting the world’s second-largest population (more than 1.26 billion) and one of its largest economies, only one Indian university appears in the top 75, The Indian Institutes of Technology (#71). IIT is a network of 23 universities which centralizes its patent administration, so it's not always possible to identify which constituent university was responsible for what research. As a result, Reuters ranked the entire system as opposed to individual universities. World-class campuses like IIT Delhi and IIT Bombay may have ranked much higher on the list if they weren’t grouped in with smaller and newer institutes like IIT Tirupati and IIT Palakkad.

And some countries are missing from the list entirely. There are no ranked universities in Indonesia, which contains Asia’s third largest population. Nor are there any universities in Pakistan or Bangladesh, the region’s fourth- and fifth-most populous countries, or any universities in the Philippines and Vietnam, two of the region’s largest economies.

To compile the 2017 ranking of the Asia Pacific region’s most innovative universities, Clarivate Analytics (formerly the Intellectual Property & Science business of Thomson Reuters) began by identifying more than 600 global organizations that published the most articles in academic journals, including educational institutions, nonprofit charities, and government-funded institutions. That list was reduced to institutions that filed at least 50 patents with the World Intellectual Property Organization in the period between 2010 and 2015. Then they evaluated each candidate on 10 different metrics, focusing on academic papers (which indicate basic research) and patent filings (which point to an institution's ability to apply research and commercialize its discoveries). Finally, they trimmed the list so that it only included universities in East Asia, South Asia, and Oceania, and then ranked them based on their performance.

This is the second consecutive year that Clarivate and Reuters have collaborated to rank Asia’s Most Innovative Universities. Five universities that ranked in the top 75 last year slipped off the list in 2017: Japan’s Nihon University, the Indian Institute of Science – Bangalore, Putra University Malaysia, the University of South Australia, and Malaysia’s University of Malaya. These drop offs were all supplanted by fast-growing institutions in China and South Korea: the China University of Petroleum (#45), the University of Ulsan (#69), the University of Electronic Science & Technology of China (#70), Yeungnam University (#73), and Tongji University (#75).

The returning university that made the biggest move on the list was the University of Hong Kong, which climbed 26 spots from #56 to #30. That change is largely attributable to adjustments in Clarivate Analytics’ methodology: The university’s 2016 ranking did not account for patents that originated at HKU but were assigned to its commercialization arm, Versitech Limited, and the addition of those patents improves the university’s overall performance. Other big movers include China’s Huazhong University of Science & Technology (up 24 spots to #33) and the Beijing University of Chemical Technology (up 13 spots to #34). Japan's Okayama University (down 14 spots to #52) and Waseda University (down 18 to #66) made the biggest moves in the opposite direction. Overall, the ranking remained largely stable year over year, with eight of 2016’s top 10 universities returning to the top 10, and 18 of the top 20.

Of course, the relative ranking of any university does not provide a complete picture of the scope of its researchers’ work. Since the ranking measures innovation on an institutional level, it may overlook particularly innovative departments or programs: a university might rank low for overall innovation but still operate one of the world's most innovative computer science laboratories, for instance. And it's important to remember that whether a university ranks at the top or the bottom of the list, it's still within the top 75 in the region: All of these universities produce original research, create useful technology and stimulate the global economy.

To see the full methodology, visit reut.rs/2qTnoBq.

(Editing by Arlyn Gajilan and Alessandra Rafferty)

~_~

All Volvo car models launched after 2019 will be electric or hybrids, making it the first major traditional automaker to set a date for phasing out vehicles powered solely by the internal combustion engine.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says authorities should not dictate where financial firms are located once Britain leaves the European Union - but strong regulatory agreements will be needed.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump met with Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6), where the White House said he would showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in a speech and in meetings with a group of nations closest to Russia. Trump is making the whistle-stop trip to the Polish capital en route for a G20 summit in neighbouring Germany beginning on Friday (July 7). Aside from shoring up the U.S. relationship with NATO allies, the speech is symbolically significant given Poland's proximity to Russia and regional fears about Moscow's ambitions following its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. Poland hopes to woo Trump with new investment opportunities in eastern Europe.

~_~

OUR POLICY TOWARDS THE USE OF COOKIES

All Clarivate Analytics websites use cookies to improve your online experience. They were placed on your computer when you launched this website. You can change your cookie settings through your browser.

~_~

Europe’s top tech hubs tend to radiate from massive capital cities like London, Berlin and Paris. But the heart of European innovation isn’t a major metropolis –it’s a small city in the Dutch-speaking region of Flanders. That’s the conclusion of Reuters’ second annual ranking of Europe’s Most Innovative Universities, a list that identifies and ranks the educational institutions doing the most to advance science, invent new technologies, and help drive the global economy.

The most innovative university in Europe, for the second year running, is Belgium’s KU Leuven. This nearly 600-year-old institution was founded by Pope Martin V, but today it’s better known for technology than theology: KU Leuven maintains one of the largest independent research and development organizations on the planet. In fiscal 2015, the university’s research spending exceeded €454 million, and its patent portfolio currently includes 586 active families, each one representing an invention protected in multiple countries.

How does a relatively small Catholic university out-innovate bigger, better-known institutions across Europe? KU Leuven earned its first-place rank, in part, by producing a high volume of influential inventions. Its researchers submit more patents than most other universities on the continent, and outside researchers frequently cite KU Leuven inventions in their own patent applications. Those are key criteria in Reuters ranking of Europe’s Most Innovative Universities, which was compiled in partnership with Clarivate Analytics, and is based on proprietary data and analysis of indicators including patent filings and research paper citations.

The second most innovative university in Europe is Imperial College London, an institution whose researchers have been responsible for the discovery of penicillin, the development of holography and the invention of fiber optics. The third-place University of Cambridge has been associated with 91 Nobel Laureates during its 800-year history. And the fourth-place Technical University of Munich has spun off more than 800 companies since 1990, including a variety of high-tech startups in industries including renewable energy, semiconductors and nanotechnology.

Overall, the same countries that dominate European business and politics dominate the ranking of Europe's Most Innovative Universities. German universities account for 23 of the 100 institutions on the list, more than any other country, and the United Kingdom comes in second, tied with France, each with 17 institutions. But those three countries are also among the most populous and richest countries on the continent. Control for those factors, and it turns out that countries with much smaller populations and modest economies often outperform big ones.

The Republic of Ireland has only three schools on the entire list, but with a population of less than 5 million people, it can boast more top 100 innovative universities per capita than any other country in Europe. On the same per capita basis, the second most innovative country on the list is Denmark, followed by Belgium, Switzerland and the Netherlands. Germany, the United Kingdom and France rank in the middle of the pack, an indication that they may be underperforming compared with their smaller neighbors: On a per capita basis, none of those countries has half as many top 100 universities than Ireland.

And the same trends hold true if you look at national economies. According to the International Monetary Fund, in 2016 Germany’s gross domestic product exceeded $3.49 trillion –11 times larger than Ireland at $307 billion, yet Germany has only 7 times as many top 100 innovative universities.

Some countries underperform even more drastically. Russia is Europe’s most populous country and has the region’s fifth largest economy, yet none of its universities count among the top 100. Other notable absences include any universities from Ukraine or Romania–a fact that reveals another divide between Western and Eastern Europe.

To compile the ranking of Europe’s most innovative universities, Clarivate Analytics (formerly the Intellectual Property & Science business of Thomson Reuters) began by identifying more than 600 global organizations that published the most articles in academic journals, including educational institutions, nonprofit charities, and government-funded institutions. That list was reduced to institutions that filed at least 50 patents with the World Intellectual Property Organization in the period between 2010 and 2015. Then they evaluated each candidate on 10 different metrics, focusing on academic papers (which indicate basic research) and patent filings (which point to an institution's ability to apply research and commercialize its discoveries). Finally, they trimmed the list so that it only included European universities, and then ranked them based on their performance.

This is the second consecutive year that Clarivate and Reuters have collaborated to rank Europe’s Most Innovative Universities, and three universities that ranked in the top 100 in 2016 fell off the list entirely: the Netherland’s Eindhoven University of Technology, Germany’s University of Kiel, and the UK’s Queens University Belfast. All three universities filed fewer than 50 patents during the period examined for the ranking, and thus were eliminated from consideration. They’ve been replaced by three new entrants to the top 100: the University of Glasgow (#54), the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis (#94), and the Autonomous University of Madrid (#100).

The returning universities that made the biggest moves on the list were the Netherland’s Leiden University (up 21 spots to #17) and Germany’s Technical University of Berlin (up 21 spots to #41). Belgium’s Université Libre of Brussels (down 17 to #38) and the UK’s University of Leeds (down 17 to #73) made the biggest moves in the opposite direction. Generally, though, the list remained largely stable: Nine of the top ten schools of 2016 remained in the top 10 for 2017, and 17 of the top 20. This stability is understandable because something as large as university paper output and patent performance is unlikely to change quickly.

Of course, the relative ranking of any university does not provide a complete picture of whether its researchers are doing important, innovative work. Since the ranking measures innovation on an institutional level, it may overlook particularly innovative departments or programs: a university might rank low for overall innovation but still operate one of the world's most innovative computer science laboratories, for instance. And it's important to remember that whether a university ranks at the top or the bottom of the list, it's still within the top 100 on the continent: All of these universities produce original research, create useful technology and stimulate the global economy.

(Editing by Arlyn Gajilan and Alessandra Rafferty)

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code

http://reut.rs/2pYZvvD

~_~

The Hubert H. Humphrey Building, headquarters of the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, in Washington, D.C.

The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has a reputation for being a staid regulatory and service agency in charge of essential programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. It doesn’t exactly enjoy a reputation for being a hotbed of innovation—but it should.

REUTERS TOP 25

HHS tops Reuters’ second annual ranking of the Top 25 Global Innovators – Government, a list that identifies and ranks the publicly funded institutions doing the most to advance science and technology. The rankings were compiled in partnership with Clarivate Analytics, formerly the Intellectual Property & Science business of Thomson Reuters, and are based on proprietary data and analysis of indicators including patent filings and research paper citations.

MORE FROM REUTERS TOP 25 Compare Institutions | Methodology

HHS takes top honors, rising from 4th place in 2016, largely due to its increasingly influential patent portfolio, which saw a rise in the number of citations by researchers at other institutions around the world. Moving from first to second place on this year’s list is France's Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA), which specializes in nuclear and renewable energies, defense and security, as well as information technology and health. And dropping from second to third is Germany’s Fraunhofer Society. It is Europe's largest applied research institution, with 24,000 staff members in 67 institutes and research units in fields such as energy, transportation, communication, healthcare and environment.

The United States is tied with Germany for the most institutions in the top 25, with five each; France and Japan each have four; and Australia, Canada, China, Singapore, South Korea, Spain and the United Kingdom have one. Viewed on a regional basis, European institutions dominate the list, with 11 ranked institutions compared to eight in Asia-Pacific and six in North America.

While they might not get the headlines that Silicon Valley startups do, government agencies have long been on the forefront of innovation. They conduct the long-term and expensive R&D that private companies find hard to justify to shareholders. The results of government-funded research are part of everyday life, including fluorescent lights, lasers, the global positioning system and the Internet.

At Health and Human Services, researchers focus on innovations that protect the health and well-being of American citizens, and its 11 operating divisions include some of the nation's most active centers for scientific inquiry. The National Institutes of Health, for example, is one of the world's foremost medical research centers, and has paved the way for important discoveries including the invention of magnetic resonance imaging, the mapping of the human genome, and more recently the development of CRISPR, a genome editing tool that is fueling a boom in new treatments and products from medical and pharmaceutical companies. Likewise, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention studies emerging health threats and develops new treatments for deadly diseases like malaria and Ebola. The Food and Drug Administration funds the creation of innovative new medical devices and pharmaceutical products. And that’s just a partial list. The other subsidiary agencies of HHS also consistently produce patents and papers that are frequently cited by outside researchers, showing that HHS has an outsized impact on R&D efforts at other government agencies, academia and private industry.

Other U.S.-based institutions on the list include the Department of Veterans Affairs (#17), the U.S. Navy (#22), and two organizations funded by the U.S. Department of Energy, Los Alamos National Laboratory (#24), and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (#25). (Where possible, Clarivate Analytics ranks the specific entity responsible for producing research, instead of its parent organization. Since Department of Energy labs file their patents individually, that allowed them to be ranked individually. Other organizations, like HHS and VA, centralize administration so that patents only list the name of their parent agency; in those cases, the parent organization was ranked instead of its subsidiaries.)

Of course, the relative ranking of any institution—or whether it appears on the list at all—does not provide a complete picture of whether its employees are doing important research. Since the ranking primarily measures innovation on an institutional level, it may overlook departments at agencies which aren’t overall focused on science: The U.S. Department of the Interior, for instance, is primarily dedicated to the management and conservation of federal land and natural resources, but important research is performed at its subsidiary operating units, including the U.S. Geological Survey and the National Park Service. And since the ranking is based on a rolling eight-year window of patent filings and publications, some highly innovative organizations may find themselves missing from the current list even though they have been responsible for some of the biggest innovations in human history –and likely will be in the future. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration was ranked #24 on the list in 2016, but just missed the top 25 on this latest edition.

To compile the ranking, Clarivate Analytics began by identifying more than 600 global organizations (including educational institutions, nonprofit charities, and government-funded institutions) that published the most articles in academic journals. Then they identified the total number of patents filed by each organization and evaluated each candidate on factors including how many patents it filed, how often those applications were granted, how many patents were filed to global patent offices in addition to local authorities, and how often the patents were cited by other patents. Candidates were also evaluated in terms of the number of articles published by researchers in academic journals, how often those papers were cited by patents, and how many articles featured a co-author from industry. Finally, they trimmed the list so that it only included government-run or -funded organizations, and then ranked them based on their performance.

Read the full methodology. (Editing by Arlyn Gajilan and Alessandra Rafferty)





~_~

The Hubert H. Humphrey Building, headquarters of the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, in Washington, D.C.

The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has a reputation for being a staid regulatory and service agency in charge of essential programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. It doesn’t exactly enjoy a reputation for being a hotbed of innovation—but it should.

REUTERS TOP 25

HHS tops Reuters’ second annual ranking of the Top 25 Global Innovators – Government, a list that identifies and ranks the publicly funded institutions doing the most to advance science and technology. The rankings were compiled in partnership with Clarivate Analytics, formerly the Intellectual Property & Science business of Thomson Reuters, and are based on proprietary data and analysis of indicators including patent filings and research paper citations.

MORE FROM REUTERS TOP 25 Compare Institutions | Methodology

HHS takes top honors, rising from 4th place in 2016, largely due to its increasingly influential patent portfolio, which saw a rise in the number of citations by researchers at other institutions around the world. Moving from first to second place on this year’s list is France's Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA), which specializes in nuclear and renewable energies, defense and security, as well as information technology and health. And dropping from second to third is Germany’s Fraunhofer Society. It is Europe's largest applied research institution, with 24,000 staff members in 67 institutes and research units in fields such as energy, transportation, communication, healthcare and environment.

The United States is tied with Germany for the most institutions in the top 25, with five each; France and Japan each have four; and Australia, Canada, China, Singapore, South Korea, Spain and the United Kingdom have one. Viewed on a regional basis, European institutions dominate the list, with 11 ranked institutions compared to eight in Asia-Pacific and six in North America.

While they might not get the headlines that Silicon Valley startups do, government agencies have long been on the forefront of innovation. They conduct the long-term and expensive R&D that private companies find hard to justify to shareholders. The results of government-funded research are part of everyday life, including fluorescent lights, lasers, the global positioning system and the Internet.

At Health and Human Services, researchers focus on innovations that protect the health and well-being of American citizens, and its 11 operating divisions include some of the nation's most active centers for scientific inquiry. The National Institutes of Health, for example, is one of the world's foremost medical research centers, and has paved the way for important discoveries including the invention of magnetic resonance imaging, the mapping of the human genome, and more recently the development of CRISPR, a genome editing tool that is fueling a boom in new treatments and products from medical and pharmaceutical companies. Likewise, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention studies emerging health threats and develops new treatments for deadly diseases like malaria and Ebola. The Food and Drug Administration funds the creation of innovative new medical devices and pharmaceutical products. And that’s just a partial list. The other subsidiary agencies of HHS also consistently produce patents and papers that are frequently cited by outside researchers, showing that HHS has an outsized impact on R&D efforts at other government agencies, academia and private industry.

Other U.S.-based institutions on the list include the Department of Veterans Affairs (#17), the U.S. Navy (#22), and two organizations funded by the U.S. Department of Energy, Los Alamos National Laboratory (#24), and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (#25). (Where possible, Clarivate Analytics ranks the specific entity responsible for producing research, instead of its parent organization. Since Department of Energy labs file their patents individually, that allowed them to be ranked individually. Other organizations, like HHS and VA, centralize administration so that patents only list the name of their parent agency; in those cases, the parent organization was ranked instead of its subsidiaries.)

Of course, the relative ranking of any institution—or whether it appears on the list at all—does not provide a complete picture of whether its employees are doing important research. Since the ranking primarily measures innovation on an institutional level, it may overlook departments at agencies which aren’t overall focused on science: The U.S. Department of the Interior, for instance, is primarily dedicated to the management and conservation of federal land and natural resources, but important research is performed at its subsidiary operating units, including the U.S. Geological Survey and the National Park Service. And since the ranking is based on a rolling eight-year window of patent filings and publications, some highly innovative organizations may find themselves missing from the current list even though they have been responsible for some of the biggest innovations in human history –and likely will be in the future. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration was ranked #24 on the list in 2016, but just missed the top 25 on this latest edition.

To compile the ranking, Clarivate Analytics began by identifying more than 600 global organizations (including educational institutions, nonprofit charities, and government-funded institutions) that published the most articles in academic journals. Then they identified the total number of patents filed by each organization and evaluated each candidate on factors including how many patents it filed, how often those applications were granted, how many patents were filed to global patent offices in addition to local authorities, and how often the patents were cited by other patents. Candidates were also evaluated in terms of the number of articles published by researchers in academic journals, how often those papers were cited by patents, and how many articles featured a co-author from industry. Finally, they trimmed the list so that it only included government-run or -funded organizations, and then ranked them based on their performance.

Read the full methodology. (Editing by Arlyn Gajilan and Alessandra Rafferty)





~_~

In the fast-changing world of science and technology, if you're not innovating, you're falling behind.

That's one of the key findings of The Reuters 100: The World's Most Innovative Universities. Now in its second year, the list ranks the educational institutions doing the most to advance science, invent new technologies and help drive the global economy. Unlike other rankings that often rely entirely or in part on subjective surveys, Reuters relies exclusively on empirical data such as patent filings and research paper citations. Our 2016 results show that big breakthroughs - even just one highly influential paper or patent - can drive a university way up the list, but when that discovery fades into the past, so does its ranking. According to our findings, consistency is key, with truly innovative institutions putting out groundbreaking work year after year.

No university does that better than Stanford University, which once again tops the Reuters 100. Decade after decade, Stanford's students and faculty consistently innovate. Companies founded by Stanford alumni - including Hewlett Packard and Google - have not only become household names, but have upended existing industries and been the cornerstone of entirely new economies. A 2012 study by the university estimated that all the companies formed by Stanford entrepreneurs generate $2.7 trillion in annual revenue, which would be equivalent to the 10th largest economy in the world.

Stanford held fast to its first place ranking by consistently producing new patents and papers that influence researchers elsewhere in academia and in private industry. Those are key criteria in the ranking of the world's most innovative universities, which was compiled with data from the Intellectual Property & Science division of Thomson Reuters. It's based on a methodology that focuses on academic papers (which indicate basic research performed at a university) and patent filings (which point to an institution's interest in commercializing its discoveries).

The three highest-ranked universities on our list share Stanford's record of consistent innovation. Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (ranked #2) were behind some of the most important innovations of the past century, including the development of digital computers and the completion of the Human Genome Project. Harvard University (ranked #3), is the oldest institution of higher education in the United States, and has produced 47 Nobel laureates over the course of its 380-year history.

But look further down the list and it's clear that innovation is a fickle thing. Take the case of Carnegie Mellon University, a private research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. When Reuters published its inaugural ranking of the world's most innovative universities in September 2015, CMU ranked #56. But in 2016 the university fell out of the top 100.

How did such a big change occur? The high quality of a Carnegie Mellon education hasn't changed: It's still regarded as one of the top universities in the United States, and its computer science program is often considered the best in the world. But in 2015 CMU's ranking got a big boost from a few blockbuster patents that are now more than a decade old.

One such patent, which described new biocompatible polymers that can be used in human patients for applications such as wound repair, was frequently cited by outside researchers as "prior art" in their own patent applications. It received 27 citations in 2008, more than any other CMU patent that year. But in subsequent years its influence dropped. Since Reuters' methodology only considers citations within a recent window of time, the 2016 ranking no longer includes this patent from 2008 and citations to it - and as a result CMU's big discovery doesn't have the same effect on its score. The university didn't do anything wrong to cause it to drop off the list, that's just the nature of innovation. One discovery can cause a sudden leap forward, and have an outsized impact on the world.

Meanwhile, some universities saw significant movement in the other direction, including, most notably, the University of Chicago, which jumped from #71 last year to #47 in 2016. Other list-climbers include the Netherlands' Delft University of Technology (#73 to #44) and South Korea's Sungkyunkwan University (#66 to #46).

While individual universities move up and down the ranking, the regional breakdown remains largely the same year over year. The United States continues to dominate the list, with 46 universities in the top 100; Japan is once again the second best performing country, with nine universities. France and South Korea are tied in third, each with eight. Germany has seven ranked universities; the United Kingdom has five; Switzerland, Belgium and Israel have three; Denmark, China and Canada have two; and the Netherlands and Singapore each have one.

The highest ranked university outside the U.S. is the Korea Advanced Institute of Science & Technology, or KAIST, ranked #6. (KAIST placed first on Reuters' recently published list of Asia's Most Innovative Universities. Click here for details. Established in 1971 by the Korean government, KAIST was modeled after engineering schools in the United States, and initially funded with a multimillion-dollar loan from the United States Agency for International Development. Most major courses are taught in English, and the university maintains strong links to the U.S. academic community. The most innovative university in Europe is KU Leuven, ranked #9, a Dutch-speaking school based in Belgium's Flanders region. Founded in 1425 by Pope Martin V, it is the world's oldest Catholic university, but its modern mission is comprehensive and advanced scientific research, and it operates autonomously from the church.

To compile its ranking of the world's most innovative universities, the IP & Science division of Thomson Reuters began by identifying more than 600 global organizations - including educational institutions, nonprofit charities and government-funded labs - that publish the most academic research. Then they evaluated each candidate on 10 different metrics and ranked them based on their performance.

Careful observers might note a few differences between how non-U.S. schools ranked on Reuters' regional innovation lists, Asia's Most Innovative Universities and Europe's Most Innovative Universities, and how they rank on the global innovators list. An institution's relative ranking may change from list to list, since each ranking is dependent on summarizing 10 indicators and comparing that with others in a specific population; when that population changes, individual rankings might change as well. Furthermore, the global list is restricted to institutions that filed 70 or more patents with the World Intellectual Property Organization during the five-year period examined by Thomson Reuters. The cutoff for regional lists is just 50 patents, allowing a more in-depth view of the most active institutions within a limited geographic area.

Of course, the relative ranking of any university - or whether it appears on the list at all - does not provide a complete picture of whether its researchers are doing important, innovative work. Since the ranking measures innovation on an institutional level, it may overlook particularly innovative departments or programs: a university might rank low for overall innovation but still operate one of the world's best medical schools, for instance. And it's important to remember that whether a university ranks at the top or the bottom of the list, it's still within the top 100 on the planet. All of these universities produce original research, create useful technology and stimulate the global economy.

Click here for the full methodology.

(Editing by Arlyn Tobias Gajilan and Alessandra Rafferty)





~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

The news out of South Korea is dominated by political instability, but inside the country, strong and stable relationships between academia and industry continue to drive economic growth and technological innovation. That’s the conclusion of Reuters’ second annual ranking of the Asia Pacific region’s Most Innovative Universities, a list that identifies and ranks the educational institutions doing the most to advance science and invent new technologies.

The most innovative university in the region, for the second year running, is South Korea’s KAIST. Formerly known as the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, it is the nation’s oldest research-oriented science and engineering university, with campuses in Daejeon, Seoul and Busan.

KAIST earned its first-place rank, in part, by producing a high volume of influential inventions. Its researchers submit more patents than 74 out of the 75 top-ranked universities in the region, and outside researchers frequently cite KAIST inventions in their own patents and research papers. Those are key criteria in Reuters ranking of Asia Pacific’s Most Innovative Universities, which was compiled in partnership with Clarivate Analytics, and is based on proprietary data and analysis of indicators including patent filings and research paper citations.

Recent KAIST research highlights include the development of a “parasite” robot that controls the movements of a living host: The device is mounted onto the shell of a turtle, and uses a combination of flashing lights and food rewards to direct the animal. The research could lead to hybrid animal-robot systems that would allow access to environments that would otherwise be difficult to reach on their own. In 2015 a university team collaborated with Rainbow Co, a company spun out of KAIST's Humanoid Robot Research Center, to win the U.S. Department of Defense's DARPA Robotics Challenge with an adaptable humanoid robot, DRC-HUBO.

The second most innovative university in the Asia Pacific region is also based in South Korea. Seoul National University was founded in 1946 as the country’s first national university, and now operates 16 colleges, one graduate school and 10 professional schools. In 2016 SNU received more than KRW 76 billion (about $68 million) in research funding from external industry, approximately 15 percent of its total funding.

South Korean universities typically have close relationships with industry. Fourth-place Pohang University of Science & Technology, or POSTECH, was actually founded by the South Korean steel company POSCO in 1986, and its 400-acre campus is located only a few minutes away from POSCO headquarters. POSTECH ranks first among all universities on the list in terms of the percentage of research articles it produces that include a co-author from industry, and the number of times its research papers are cited by articles originating in the private sector.

Overall, South Korean universities fill four of the top five spots on the ranking and eight of the top 20. There are 22 South Korean universities among the top 75, far more than you’d expect from a relatively small nation. Korea’s population is just under 51 million, so that’s one top-ranked university per 2.3 million people. In contrast, China has the most universities on the list – 25 between Hong Kong and the mainland – but it also has a massive population of more than 1.37 billion people, or one top-ranked university per 54.9 million people. (Japan has 19 ranked universities, Australia has five, Singapore has two, and New Zealand and India each have one.)

Some nations underperform on the ranking because of the way they organize their university systems. Despite boasting the world’s second-largest population (more than 1.26 billion) and one of its largest economies, only one Indian university appears in the top 75, The Indian Institutes of Technology (#71). IIT is a network of 23 universities which centralizes its patent administration, so it's not always possible to identify which constituent university was responsible for what research. As a result, Reuters ranked the entire system as opposed to individual universities. World-class campuses like IIT Delhi and IIT Bombay may have ranked much higher on the list if they weren’t grouped in with smaller and newer institutes like IIT Tirupati and IIT Palakkad.

And some countries are missing from the list entirely. There are no ranked universities in Indonesia, which contains Asia’s third largest population. Nor are there any universities in Pakistan or Bangladesh, the region’s fourth- and fifth-most populous countries, or any universities in the Philippines and Vietnam, two of the region’s largest economies.

To compile the 2017 ranking of the Asia Pacific region’s most innovative universities, Clarivate Analytics (formerly the Intellectual Property & Science business of Thomson Reuters) began by identifying more than 600 global organizations that published the most articles in academic journals, including educational institutions, nonprofit charities, and government-funded institutions. That list was reduced to institutions that filed at least 50 patents with the World Intellectual Property Organization in the period between 2010 and 2015. Then they evaluated each candidate on 10 different metrics, focusing on academic papers (which indicate basic research) and patent filings (which point to an institution's ability to apply research and commercialize its discoveries). Finally, they trimmed the list so that it only included universities in East Asia, South Asia, and Oceania, and then ranked them based on their performance.

This is the second consecutive year that Clarivate and Reuters have collaborated to rank Asia’s Most Innovative Universities. Five universities that ranked in the top 75 last year slipped off the list in 2017: Japan’s Nihon University, the Indian Institute of Science – Bangalore, Putra University Malaysia, the University of South Australia, and Malaysia’s University of Malaya. These drop offs were all supplanted by fast-growing institutions in China and South Korea: the China University of Petroleum (#45), the University of Ulsan (#69), the University of Electronic Science & Technology of China (#70), Yeungnam University (#73), and Tongji University (#75).

The returning university that made the biggest move on the list was the University of Hong Kong, which climbed 26 spots from #56 to #30. That change is largely attributable to adjustments in Clarivate Analytics’ methodology: The university’s 2016 ranking did not account for patents that originated at HKU but were assigned to its commercialization arm, Versitech Limited, and the addition of those patents improves the university’s overall performance. Other big movers include China’s Huazhong University of Science & Technology (up 24 spots to #33) and the Beijing University of Chemical Technology (up 13 spots to #34). Japan's Okayama University (down 14 spots to #52) and Waseda University (down 18 to #66) made the biggest moves in the opposite direction. Overall, the ranking remained largely stable year over year, with eight of 2016’s top 10 universities returning to the top 10, and 18 of the top 20.

Of course, the relative ranking of any university does not provide a complete picture of the scope of its researchers’ work. Since the ranking measures innovation on an institutional level, it may overlook particularly innovative departments or programs: a university might rank low for overall innovation but still operate one of the world's most innovative computer science laboratories, for instance. And it's important to remember that whether a university ranks at the top or the bottom of the list, it's still within the top 75 in the region: All of these universities produce original research, create useful technology and stimulate the global economy.

To see the full methodology, visit reut.rs/2qTnoBq.

(Editing by Arlyn Gajilan and Alessandra Rafferty)

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

SÃO PAULO As incertezas políticas que abalam o país levaram o mercado de trabalho brasileiro a piorar pelo segundo mês consecutivo, com o Indicador Antecedente de Emprego (IAEmp) da Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV) apresentando em junho perda do ímpeto de contratação.

De acordo com os dados divulgados nesta quinta-feira, o IAEmp, que antecipa os rumos do mercado de trabalho no Brasil, apresentou recuo de 2,4 pontos e chegou a 96,9 pontos, no segundo mês seguido de perdas.

"O recuo mostra que o aumento da incerteza na economia está reduzindo as expectativas quanto à contratação futura, como pode ser visto na queda do ímpeto de contratação nos próximos três meses pela indústria", disse em nota o economista da FGV/IBRE Fernando de Holanda Barbosa Filho.

O IAEmp mostrou que o indicador que retrata o ímpeto de contratações na indústria nos três meses seguintes caiu 10,3 pontos em junho sobre o mês anterior. O segundo maior peso veio do indicador que mede as expectativas com a tendência dos negócios do setor de serviços nos seis meses seguintes, com recuo de 6,8 pontos.

Já o Indicador Coincidente de Emprego (ICD), que capta a percepção das famílias sobre o mercado de trabalho, perdeu 0,7 ponto em junho e foi a 96,6 pontos.

"O recuo do ICD ocorre de forma consistente com os recuos recentes da taxa de desemprego, indicando que o mercado de trabalho teria passado pelo fundo do poço. Obviamente, uma possível perda da governabilidade por parte do governo, pode reverter esta tendência", completou Barbosa Filho

A incerteza política no país deriva da denúncia contra o presidente Michel Temer pelo crime de corrupção passiva com base nas delações de executivos da JBS. Na quarta-feira, os advogados do presidente entregaram a defesa escrita dele contra a denúncia, pedindo que a Casa não autorize o STF a julgar a acusação criminal contra o presidente.

A taxa de desemprego no Brasil caiu a 13,3 por cento no trimestre até maio diante do aumento da população ocupada, mesmo em ambiente de incerteza no país diante da crise política que vem afetando a confiança de forma generalizada, segundo dados do IBGE.

(Por Camila Moreira)

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

SÃO PAULO As incertezas políticas que abalam o país levaram o mercado de trabalho brasileiro a piorar pelo segundo mês consecutivo, com o Indicador Antecedente de Emprego (IAEmp) da Fundação Getulio Vargas (FGV) apresentando em junho perda do ímpeto de contratação.

De acordo com os dados divulgados nesta quinta-feira, o IAEmp, que antecipa os rumos do mercado de trabalho no Brasil, apresentou recuo de 2,4 pontos e chegou a 96,9 pontos, no segundo mês seguido de perdas.

"O recuo mostra que o aumento da incerteza na economia está reduzindo as expectativas quanto à contratação futura, como pode ser visto na queda do ímpeto de contratação nos próximos três meses pela indústria", disse em nota o economista da FGV/IBRE Fernando de Holanda Barbosa Filho.

O IAEmp mostrou que o indicador que retrata o ímpeto de contratações na indústria nos três meses seguintes caiu 10,3 pontos em junho sobre o mês anterior. O segundo maior peso veio do indicador que mede as expectativas com a tendência dos negócios do setor de serviços nos seis meses seguintes, com recuo de 6,8 pontos.

Já o Indicador Coincidente de Emprego (ICD), que capta a percepção das famílias sobre o mercado de trabalho, perdeu 0,7 ponto em junho e foi a 96,6 pontos.

"O recuo do ICD ocorre de forma consistente com os recuos recentes da taxa de desemprego, indicando que o mercado de trabalho teria passado pelo fundo do poço. Obviamente, uma possível perda da governabilidade por parte do governo, pode reverter esta tendência", completou Barbosa Filho

A incerteza política no país deriva da denúncia contra o presidente Michel Temer pelo crime de corrupção passiva com base nas delações de executivos da JBS. Na quarta-feira, os advogados do presidente entregaram a defesa escrita dele contra a denúncia, pedindo que a Casa não autorize o STF a julgar a acusação criminal contra o presidente.

A taxa de desemprego no Brasil caiu a 13,3 por cento no trimestre até maio diante do aumento da população ocupada, mesmo em ambiente de incerteza no país diante da crise política que vem afetando a confiança de forma generalizada, segundo dados do IBGE.

(Por Camila Moreira)

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Veja um resumo dos principais filmes que estreiam nos cinemas do país nesta semana:

"Homem-Aranha: De volta ao Lar"

- Terceiro intérprete de Peter Parker/Homem-Aranha na renovação da franquia, “Homem Aranha: De Volta ao Lar”, o inglês Tom Holland é a encarnação mais adolescente do personagem nestes 15 anos, período em que o herói também foi interpretado por Tobey Maguire e Andrew Garfield.

Com 21 anos completos, mas interpretando o personagem de 15, Holland encarna um garoto ansioso para assumir o seu lado Homem-Aranha, pelo qual tomou gosto após uma breve experiência com os Vingadores, incluindo o Homem de Ferro, este, aliás, o seu mentor, sob sua identidade civil do bilionário Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.).

Como todo adolescente, Peter não quer esperar para crescer. E assim, sai diariamente às ruas, em Nova York, procurando o que fazer. Mas encontra missão maior do que esperava quando enfrenta a gangue de Adrian Toomer, o Abutre (Michael Keaton).

"Soundtrack"

- Um cenário polar coberto de neve o tempo todo é o palco do drama “Soundtrack”, no qual um fotógrafo, Cris (Selton Mello), tenta se reconectar consigo mesmo a partir de uma viagem a uma estação de pesquisa, onde fará uma série de fotos para uma exposição.

Nessa estação, Cris encontra pessoas de diversas partes do mundo, como o inglês Mark (Ralph Ineson), com quem dividirá o alojamento, e o brasileiro Cao (Seu Jorge). Cris é recebido com estranhamento, pois, ao contrário dos outros, não é cientista.

Escrito e dirigido por uma dupla que atende apenas pelo nome de 300 ml --vinda da propaganda e responsável pelo curta “Tarantino’s Mind” (que também traz Selton e Seu Jorge no elenco)--, “Soundtrack” é um filme estranho, que recusa classificações fáceis, mas apresenta um inegável esmero técnico.

"Perdidos em Paris"

- Há uma inocência quase comovente na comédia “Perdidos em Paris”, do casal Dominique Abel e Fiona Gordon, responsáveis pelo roteiro, direção e interpretação dos protagonistas. O filme começa com a tia da pequena Fiona dizendo que vai se mudar do Canadá para Paris. Desde então, a menina sonha com a tia e a capital francesa. Anos mais tarde, a garota cresceu --agora interpretada pela própria Fiona Gordon-- e se tornou uma bibliotecária um tanto atrapalhada, ainda morando na mesma região gélida.

A chance de ir para Paris chega com a carta da tia Martha (Emmanuelle Riva), contando que o governo quer interná-la porque não está muito bem da memória, e não pode mais morar sozinha. Fiona chega à cidade, mas não encontra a parenta idosa e se envolve em confusões, assim como tia Martha.

"Os Pobres Diabos"

- Filmado há quatro anos e exibido no Festival de Brasília do Cinema Brasileiro de 2013, somente agora ganha as telas de cinema a comédia dramática “Os Pobres Diabos”, do diretor cearense Rosemberg Cariry -- que tem um de seus pontos fortes no elenco, integrado por Sílvia Buarque, Chico Díaz e Gero Camilo.

O foco da história, também roteirizada por Cariry, é um circo mambembe. Apesar da penúria, há muito humor na maneira como se desenham os relacionamentos entre os artistas. Uma das tramas rocambolescas é o triângulo amoroso entre Creuza (Sílvia Buarque), o ator Zeferino (Gero Camilo) e o palhaço Lazarino (Chico Díaz), cujos encontros se dão nos intervalos do show principal -- um espetáculo baseado em cordel, sobre as façanhas do cruel cangaceiro Lamparina (Chico) quando invade o inferno e destrona o próprio diabo (Gero).

"Poesia Sem Fim"

- Diretor de formação nada ortodoxa --foi palhaço de circo, mímico e autor de graphic novels--, o chileno Alejandro Jodorowsky, de 88 anos, entrega o segundo capítulo de sua trilogia de memórias em “Poesia sem fim”.

A história começa com o confronto entre o Alejandro adolescente (Jeremias Herskovits) e seu rígido pai comerciante, Jaime (Brontis Jodorowsky), obcecado em que o filho se torne médico, nunca poeta -– para ele, profissão de homossexuais, o que ele abomina.

O conflito leva a que o rapaz deixe sua casa, para desespero da mãe, Sara (Pamela Flores), que só fala cantando ópera.

Agora, Alejandro mergulha na vida boêmia de Santiago, conhecendo poetas como Enrique Lihn (Leandro Taub), Nicanor Parra (Felipe Rios) e Stella Díaz (Pamela Flores, de novo), com quem o rapaz viverá um romance complicado.

(Por Neusa Barbosa e Alysson Oliveira, do Cineweb)

* As opiniões expressas são responsabilidade do Cineweb

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~



~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~



~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~



~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~



~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~

朝中社2017年7月5日发布的图片，显示朝鲜试射Hwasong-14洲际弹道导弹的画面。图片未标明日期。KCNA/via REUTERS

路透华盛顿7月5日 - 并非所有的人都像五角大楼那样自信满满，斩钉截铁地断言美国军方能够保卫美国，抵御朝鲜日益升级的洲际弹道导弹威胁。

朝鲜周二进行首次洲际弹道导弹试射，美国阿拉斯加州可能在射程之内，这引发了一个问题：美国军方有多大能力击落射向美国的导弹或导弹群？

美国国防部发言人Jeff Davis周三在记者会上称：“我们确实有能力抵御这个有限的、初生的威胁。”

Davis称，在5月进行的一次成功试验中，从美国发射的拦截导弹击落了一枚入侵的模拟朝鲜洲际弹道导弹。但他也承认试验项目的航迹规划程序不够完美。

Davis表示，“在这方面的测试结果喜忧参半。但我们也有能力发射多枚拦截导弹。”

路透看到的内部备忘录也显示，在5月测试后美国国防部更新了对美国防御能力的评估。

即便为一个多层次导弹防御系统花费了上千亿美元，美国仍无法完全隔绝朝鲜洲际弹道导弹的袭击。

专家警告称，美国导弹防御系统能够击落一枚，或可能数枚初级的来袭导弹。如果朝鲜的技术和产量持续提高，美国的防御系统可能会被击破，除非其防御能力与受到的威胁水平一道升级。

导弹防御拥护联盟(Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance)的创始人Riki Ellison称，“未来四年，美国必须扩大现有系统的防御能力，大力增加并加快部署。”

**试验结果好坏参半**

美国导弹防御局(MDA)的试验记录也展现了好坏参半的结果。导弹防御局的任务是开发、测试并部署导弹防御系统。

MDA拥有多层、多射程导弹防御系统，其采用的海陆空传感器为美国不同地区提供防御。

根据MDA，作为其中一个部分的陆基中程防御系统(GMD)的成功率略高于55%，第二个组成部分--部署在美国海军船只和陆地上的神盾(Aegis)防御系统成功率约为83%。

根据MDA，第三部分--末段高空区域防御系统(萨德)在2006年以来的13次试验中成功率为100%。

洛克希德马丁(Lockheed Martin)(LMT.N)是萨德和神盾的主承包商。波音(BA.N)是GMD的主承包商。

**还要一两年时间**

上个月，时任美国飞弹防御局局长、海军中将叙林(James Syring)向国会一个小组表示，朝鲜过去六个月取得的技术进步是他最头疼的事。

参与位于华盛顿的监测朝鲜项目“北纬38度”(38 North)的驻美导弹专家席林(John Schilling)称，朝鲜的导弹发展速度快于预期。

“但要想有把握地精准击中高价值的美国大陆目标，尤其是如果想在战时发射的话，可能还需要一到两年的发展时间，”他表示。

国际战略研究所(International Institute for Strategic Studies)的导弹防御部研究员Michael Elleman称，虽然朝鲜距离研发出靠諎的洲际弹道导弹还差好几步，但“美国没有百分之百的把握能够保护好自己”。

从导弹防御方面来说，“即便测试全都成功，也不能百分之百确保。”(完)

~_~

朝中社7月5日发布的图片，显示人们在观看大屏幕上播放的Hwasong-14洲际弹道导弹试射画面。图片未标注日期。KCNA/via REUTERS

路透首尔7月5日 - 朝鲜周三称，新研发的洲际弹道导弹可携带大型核弹头。美国为此呼吁全球采取行动，让朝鲜承担追求核武器的后果。

美国国防部一名发言人表示，国防部认为朝鲜周二试射了一枚洲际弹道导弹。一些专家现在相信，该导弹可以打到美国阿拉斯加州，以及美国大陆的部分地区。

美国国务卿蒂勒森表示，朝鲜这次在美国独立纪念日前夕进行的导弹试射，表明对“美国及其盟友的威胁有了新的升级”，他并誓言要采取更有力的措施。

朝中社报导援引朝鲜领导人金正恩称，试射的成功完善了该国拥有原子弹、氢弹和洲际弹道导弹的战略武库，在美国放弃对朝鲜的敌对政策前，朝鲜不会与美国就弃核进行谈判。

“他满面笑容地对官员、科学家和技术人员说，美国在独立日收到这样一个‘大礼包’...肯定会不高兴，”朝中社称。

金正恩命令他们“频繁给美国人送去大大小小的‘礼包’，”朝中社补充称。

20国集团(G20)领导人即将举行峰会，会议将讨论采取措施遏制朝鲜的核武计划。朝鲜无视联合国安理会制裁，一直在发展核武计划。

朝中社称，此次试射成功地验证了新开发的洲际弹道导弹在阶段分离、弹头的大气层再进入，及弹头后期阶段控制等方面的技术要求。

蒂勒森警告称，接受朝鲜劳工、向朝鲜提供经济或军事援助、或不执行联合国制裁的行为，“是在助长危险政权”。

“各国应向朝鲜公开表明，他们研制核武器的行为会导致后果，”蒂勒森在一份声明中表示。

应美日韩请求，联合国安理会将在周三1900GMT就此召开紧急会议。目前中国为安理会轮值主席国。

图表1：朝鲜核能力互动图 tmsnrt.rs/2t0oSv7

图表2：7月4日导弹试射图 tmsnrt.rs/2tf96P9 (完)

~_~

路透联合国7月5日 - 美国周三警告称，如果为了阻止朝鲜核导弹计划而必须使用武力，将会这么做。但美国同时表示，更希望针对朝鲜不顾外界劝阻而发射导弹的行为采取全球性外交行动。

美国驻联合国大使黑利(Nikki Haley)在联合国安理会的一个会议上表示，朝鲜的行动正在“迅速关闭外交解决的可能性”，美国准备保护自己和盟友。

“我们的能力之一在于我们拥有相当强大的军事力量。如果我们必须使用武力，我们将会使用，但我们不希望不得不朝这个方向走，”黑利表示。她敦促朝鲜的唯一主要盟友--中国采取更多行动来约束朝鲜。

朝鲜的导弹计划又迈出重大一步，该国于周二试射一枚洲际弹道导弹，一些专家认为，该导弹射程可达美国阿拉斯加和夏威夷，或许还可达到美国西北部太平洋沿岸地区。

朝鲜称，此次试射的导弹可携带大型核弹头。

这次试射对美国总统特朗普而言是一个直接挑战。特朗普曾誓言要防范朝鲜拥有以核导弹打击美国的能力。

他一再敦促中国向朝鲜领导人施压，要求朝鲜放弃核计划。

黑利称，未来几天美国将建议联合国对朝鲜实施新的制裁，并警告称如果没有得到俄罗斯和中国的支持，那么“我们将按我们自己的方式来处理”。

她并未提供新制裁提议的细节，但列举了可能的选项。

黑利表示，“国际社会可切断朝鲜的主要硬通货来源。我们可以限制其军方和武器计划的燃油供应。我们可以加强航空和海运的限制。我们也可以将朝鲜高级官员列入制裁名单。”

外交人士称中国政府并未完全执行对朝鲜现有的国际制裁措施，并反对更为严厉的制裁举措，如石油禁运、禁止朝鲜航班入境和劳务输出、禁止中资银行和其他企业与朝鲜开展业务。

黑利表示，“联合国制裁能否全面执行主要取决于中国。”

美国官员表示，美国可能采取单边行动，并制裁更多的与朝鲜有业务往来的中国企业，特别是银行。

中国常驻联合国代表刘结一在安理会表示，朝鲜此次发射导弹是“公然违反”联合国决议，且“不能接受”。

他表示，“我们呼吁有关各方保持克制，避免挑衅行为和敌对语言，展现出无条件对话和努力缓和紧张局势的意愿。”(完)

~_~

路透上海7月6日 - 在招商银行申请冻结乐视系实际控制人贾跃亭相关资产后，贾跃亭周四早间在其个人微博上发出公开信，恳请给予乐视一些时间，他会把金融机构、供应商以及任何的欠款全部还上，周四盘后公告显示，他将辞去乐视网董事长职务。



~_~

路透香港7月5日 - 中国最大社交媒体和游戏公司腾讯控股周三同意，中国最大电视制造商TCL的智能电视可共享其视频内容，以将其内容服务优势地位从手机扩展至客厅。

腾讯向TLC旗下一部门增资后于周三宣布协议，根据该协议，腾讯将视频内容预加载到TCL的互联网或智能电视。智能电视可以声控，而且有客制化的搜寻建议。

TCL在2016年已售出2,000万台液晶电视，其中有半数是智能电视。根据IHS Technology，TCL是全球第三大液晶电视制造商，仅次于三星电子和LG电子。

FFALCON Technology执行长Tony Guo表示，腾讯视频和TLC希望结盟将提高双方的用户数量，并提高用户内容花费方面的营收。

TCL则表示，目前公司智能电视平台累计激活用户达2,000万。(完)

~_~



~_~

路透底特律7月5日 - 百度(BIDU.O)周三宣布成立Apollo生态合作伙伴联盟，此举将使其Apollo平台与Alphabet的Waymo系统正面对决。百度期待通过这个体系广泛的联盟来促进自动驾驶车发展，希望到2019年时能在中国上路。

加入该联盟的包括汽车制造商、供应商、初创企业、大学及地方政府，以百度Apollo自动驾驶平台进行研发。

其中Apollo关键的伙伴有英伟达(Nvidia)(NVDA.O)，还有地图绘制公司TomTom NV(TOM2.AS)。

英伟达股价收涨2.67%，报143.05美元。百度股价上涨2.14%，报183.83美元。

百度称，福特汽车(F.N)、戴姆勒 (DAIGn.DE)，还有汽车配件生产商德尔福(Delphi Automotive) (DLPH.N) 、芯片商英特尔(Intel)(INTC.O) (INTC.O)也是该联盟的伙伴成员。(完)

~_~

菲律宾环境部长取消对项目发放环境许可的限制 路透马尼拉7月6日 - 菲律宾新任环境及自然资源部部长西马图(Roy Cimatu)取消对包括矿山勘探与开发在内的项目发放环境许可的限制，推翻了在5月遭解职的前任此前发布的一项命令。



~_~

路透华盛顿7月5日 - 国际货币基金组织(IMF)周三敦促20国集团(G20)领导人避免“短视的”民族主义政策，并在本周末的德国G20峰会上共同努力解决他们之间的贸易和经济分歧。

在7月7-8日的G20汉堡峰会召开前，IMF特意指出，基于规则和开放的贸易体系对全球经济稳定至关重要。

“历史证明，短视的零和政策最终只会让所有国家受损，”IMF在其G20观察报告中称。G20领导人在讨论全球经济时会考虑这份报告。

IMF表示，“由于各国的政策不可避免地在一些关键的领域内相互作用，造成强大的溢出效应，当决策者通过常规的对话并在协商好的机制下解决分歧，全球经济运转将更为良好。”

G20包括发达和新兴国家，例如美国、日本、英国、法国、德国、意大利、中国、日本、加拿大、巴西和南非。

IMF力挺维持多边合作之际，特朗普政府却在考虑全面课征新的钢铁关税，或以国家安全为由对国外钢铁进口实施限额，自世界贸易组织(WTO)于1995年成立以来，还没推出过这样的举措。

在G20会议后，美国商务部料将公布其评估结果。

特朗普在周三即将前往欧洲时，发表推文坚持其对贸易的看法：“美国签订了一些世界史上最糟的贸易协议。为什么要坚持这些与对我们没有帮助的国家的协议？”

如果贸易政策紧张情势升高，IMF担心其可能打断全球经济复苏。目前经济复苏看来上轨道，今明年成长率在3.5%区间。但该预测并不包括贸易遭到严重干扰的情况。(完)

~_~

路透柏林7月5日 - 中国国家主席习近平在20国集团(G20)峰会召开前与德国总理默克尔会晤，称两国关系将进入新阶段。此次G20峰会料凸显他们与美国在许多问题上的分歧。

习近平和默克尔周三承诺在一系列问题上更加密切地合作。G20峰会周五将在德国城市汉堡召开，美国总统特朗普亦将出席。

特朗普与中国及德国的关系都磕磕绊绊，正在推动中德两国走得更近。

“中德两国关系将有一个新的开始，我们需要新的突破，”习近平在柏林与默克尔举行联合记者会时表示。他说，希望为双方合作“描绘新蓝图、明确新目标、规划新路径”。

默克尔称，她和习近平还谈到希望迅速签署一项投资协议，并最终签署全面的自由贸易协议。他们还讨论了促进网络安全合作，加强协作打击国际恐怖主义。(完)

~_~

路透华盛顿7月3日 - 美国总统特朗普周四将与十多个能源仰赖俄罗斯的国家领导人会晤，届时他将把美国迅猛增长的天然气供应当做政治工具。

最近几年，莫斯科曾因价格纠纷在冬季月份切断对邻国的天然气供应。美国的出口则将降低他们对俄罗斯依赖。

白宫称，特朗普将告诉这些国家，华盛顿将尽力为美国公司向中、东欧出口更多液化天然气(LNG)创造便利条件。

特朗普将在20国集团(G20)德国会议之前出席“三海”国家峰会--名为“三海”，是因为有几个成员国是围绕亚得里亚海、波罗的海和黑海的。特朗普将在之后的德国G20会议上与俄罗斯总统普京初次会晤。

三海国家计划的一个目标是扩建地区能源基础设施，包括LNG进口终端和天然气管道。这项计划的成员包括波兰、奥地利、匈牙利和俄罗斯邻国拉脱维亚和爱沙尼亚。

曾担任北约盟军最高统帅的James Jones表示，美国向该地区增售天然气将有助于削弱俄罗斯的影响；俄罗斯把能源当做武器或谈判筹码。

“我认为通过向供应不足的国家出口能源，帮助他们更能满足自身需要，不再过于依赖别国、不再受到太大的威胁，美国可以借此展现出善意，”他说。

特朗普的俄罗斯政策仍在形成中，而这一过程因“通俄门”调查而陷入尴尬。有情报称俄罗斯曾试图干涉2016年美国总统大选。俄罗斯否认了这一指控，特朗普称他的团队没有与俄罗斯串谋。

特朗普共和党的很多议员希望他对俄采取强硬路线，他们支持利用天然气出口来取得政治优势。

俄罗斯财政预算要依靠石油天然气收入，所以抢夺这块市场将使莫斯科受到打击。(完)

~_~

路透北京7月6日 - 虽然无缘前三次工业革命，但中国显然不会缺席正在来临的第四次工业革命的浪潮。无论是大力推进战略新兴产业的国家战略，抑或中国本土生长包括腾讯、阿里巴巴等新兴行业领军者的不断壮大，可以预见中国跻身第四次工业革命潮头不是梦。

路透新加坡7月5日 - 卡塔尔计划将本国液化天然气(LNG)产量提高30%，为争夺亚洲客户向美国、俄罗斯和澳洲的竞争对手打响了价格战的第一枪。

路透北京7月3日 - 出发之前，Ahmed Ramy听说了很多关于中国迅速发展的故事，也看到过很多图片和影像资料，当他真正踏足于此，还是被眼前的城市所震撼：高楼密集林立，车龙川流不息。尤其是河北省固安县的参观，让他对中国城市的大手笔规划和建设速度印象深刻。



~_~

资料图片：2012年5月，杭州，一家钢厂的工人在操作熔炼废钢的熔炉。

路透马尼拉/北京7月5日 - 中国废钢供应激增，因过去数十年在经济飞速增长中建成的建筑、桥梁因年代久远被拆除，旧车也被报废。

未来数年中国的钢厂或更多地利用这类材料，这有可能导致中国对炼钢原料--铁矿石的需求减少。中国是全球最大的金属消费国。

铁矿石需求不振或打击国际矿业巨头的命脉。这些巨头原以为中国会持续地消化数以亿吨计的铁矿石。铁矿石是交易最广泛的大宗商品。

“中长期而言，废钢的确是铁矿石的真正威胁，”中信里昂证券驻香港的分析师孟凡杰(Daniel Meng)称。

“我们认为到2020年，替代速度会更快，废钢对铁矿石的威胁会更严重。”

目前废钢仅占中国钢铁原料的约11%，相较之下，美国则高达70%以上，这代表中国的废钢再循环利用可能有很大成长空间。

由于废钢是地条钢主要原料，中国当局决定取缔地条钢产能，以减轻污染及钢铁供应过剩问题后，中国的废钢供给近期变得十分充裕。

中国总计已关闭1.2亿吨地条钢产能，受此影响，中国5月废钢出口升至纪录高位。

国际钢铁协会及中信里昂证券数据显示，去年中国产生的废钢创下1.43亿吨纪录，是2002年的近四倍。

这些废钢有可能取代约2亿吨铁矿石，这个数字相当于中国去年铁矿石进口量的约五分之一。

中国废钢铁应用协会指出，到2020年，中国废钢产量应会升至2亿吨。

**电气化**

中国普遍采用高炉炼钢，铁矿石熔化之后与废钢混合。

5月，中国国内废钢价格较年内高点暴跌20%，中国交易商和钢厂称，钢厂将高炉炼钢中废钢的使用比例从8%提高至20%。但随着需求在6月回升，一些废钢交易商称利润已经翻倍。

电炉炼钢的重新兴起，可能激励对废钢的需求。一般小型钢厂使用电炉炼钢，原料只有废钢。

比起以煤为燃料的高炉炼钢，电炉炼钢排放的碳要少得多，符合中国的防污染倡议。

“长远来看，我认为中国政府会支持电炉炼钢，” 江苏徐州金虹集团有限公司副总经理王广瑞说。该公司重启了100万吨电炉炼钢产能。

该公司2011年开始使用电炉，但后来被迫关闭并转而使用较为便宜的感应炉。在中国全面关停感应炉之后，该公司又回过头来使用电炉。

中信里昂证券分析师孟凡杰表示，今年可能有高达2,000万吨的电炉产能安装就位。他说，目前中国电炉产能约为1亿吨，未来三年可能每年增加1,000-2,000万吨。

安阳钢铁集团公司副总经理郭宪臻表示，8-10月将有逾60个电炉运行，明年再增加20个。该公司计划在9月启动一个产能为100万吨的电炉，2018年再启动一个产能为100万吨的工厂。

但全球第四大铁矿石厂商--澳洲Fortescue Metals Group (FMG.AX)认为，中国对于铁矿石的胃口在近期内不会减弱，因废钢供应与人口规模相比仍然偏低。废钢供应情况通常与汽车拥有量有关系。

“目前，美国和澳洲每千人拥有逾700辆汽车，而中国约为140辆，”Fortescue的执行长Nev Power在邮件中表示。

“考虑到电力的边际成本较高，在中国，废钢的整体贡献水平可能低于发达经济体，”他说。

铁矿石巨擘淡水河谷(VALE5.SA)、力拓(RIO.AX)(RIO.L)和必和必拓(BHP.AX) (BLT.L)未予置评。

图表：中国与其他经济体的废钢情况：tmsnrt.rs/2tP7qgS

(完)

~_~

路透柏林6月27日 - 美国商务部长罗斯周二表示，如果贸易伙伴国不能就钢铁倾销问题帮助找到共同解决方案，美国除了寻求“大规模”举措来应对外可能别无选择。

罗斯在柏林参加一场经济活动时表示，在这种情况下，那些本来不是倾销直接来源的国家可能会面临困境。

他没有具体说明总统特朗普将采取哪些举措来解决钢铁业产能过剩问题。在美国政府看来，这是一个重要问题，称其希望让美国贸易关系更公平。

“如果总统特朗普就倾销问题采取行动，希望会促使进口国采取集体解决方案，”罗斯对默克尔所在的保守派基督教民主党(CDU)成员表示。

“由于缺少与伙伴国强有力的联合行动，我们可能别无选择，只能自己行动，”他说。“如果我们这样做，或许会是大规模的举措。”

罗斯此前曾表示，他希望在6月末前完成对美国钢铁产业的国家安全调研，此举或带来全面的钢铁进口限制新规。

美国商务部正在启用冷战时期的一部贸易法案，可允许总统对被视为重要国防用途的特定产品和材料实行进口限制。

尚不确定调研结果的出炉时间以及相关的后续行动。

特朗普政府官员周二早些时候告诉路透，特朗普对中国在朝鲜和双边贸易问题上无作为感到越来越沮丧，现正考虑对华采取贸易行动，包括对钢铁进口加征关税等。

美国原已对中国的钢材征收了多项反倾销和反补贴税，导致中国在美国钢铁市场上的直接份额大受影响。本次国家安全调研推出的新限制措施，或将对来自德国、日本和韩国等美国盟友的钢材产生更大影响。

罗斯在会上还提及，在药品、化学品和运输等其它领域，美国对欧盟的贸易赤字尤其巨大，但他表示双方应协作应对第三方国家的倾销行为。

罗斯发言后，默克尔对他有关恢复美欧贸易协议相关工作的呼吁表示欢迎，但强调德国的在美投资是美国就业岗位的重要来源。(完)

~_~

（补上标题漏字）

路透华盛顿6月29日 - 美国白宫国家经济委员会主任柯恩周四表示，美国总统特朗普将以美国钢铁行业国家安全评估为由，要求20国集团(G20)领导人采取行动减少过剩产能、以及全球钢铁市场的其他扭曲现象。

特朗普将在7月7-8日在德国汉堡参加G20峰会。

柯恩告诉记者，目前不清楚商务部何时向白宫提交232调查报告，该报告事关钢铁行业以及有可能对进口所作的新限制。

“商务部将以终稿的形式在某个时候向白宫提交报告，”柯恩说，“美国将以该报告为契机，与全球众多贸易伙伴商讨钢铁方面的问题。”

柯恩在周四的简报会上表示，特朗普将与G20领导人商讨促进自由与公平贸易的问题。

“美国坚决反对所有不公平贸易行为，包括全球钢铁市场的大规模扭曲现象、以及伤害到美国工人的其他非市场行为。美国希望G20国家同美国一道努力，采取具体措施解决这些问题。”

但柯恩还称，特朗普政府会采取行动确保大家都有一个公平竞争的环境。(完)

~_~

更多财经视点资讯

~_~

(本文由台湾《今周刊》杂志提供，节选自7月6日出版的当期「老谢开讲」专栏)

上周有三件大事发生，都是牵动世界的巨大变化，一个是改变苹果电脑命运，也是近半个世纪以来，除了网际网路外，人类发展第二重要产业的智慧型手机，苹果从第一代iPhone进化到第七代iPhone，苹果iPhone手机售出超过十亿支，也带动产业巨大变化。

第二个是脸书（Facebook）的创办人祖克柏（Mark Zuckerberg）亲自发文，宣布脸书每月用户突破二十亿，占了全球四分之一的人口，祖克柏接受《今日美国》（USA TODAY）专访时表示，尽管脸书每月使用人口超过二十亿人，但脸书尚未达到「连系世界上每一个人」的目标，未来仍有待努力，脸书不会大肆庆祝。

脸书在二○○四年创立，短短四年时间，每月使用人数即突破上亿，但随着智慧型手机App上线，脸书到一二年，每月使用人数突破十亿，如今只花五年时间就又扩张了另一个十亿。这几年脸书在竞争对手Snapchat追击之下，很多人担心脸书市占版图会缩小，但祖克柏仍奋力巩固版图。

第三件事是欧盟执委会对Google开罚二十四．二亿欧元。理由是Google滥用近乎独占的地位，扭曲搜寻结果，以推广自家购物，妨碍其他网购比价服务业者的公平竞争，欧盟开出史上最大的反托辣斯天价罚款。上次遭到欧盟裁罚的微软是十．六亿欧元，这次罚款金额倍增，欧盟执委会勒令Google必须在九十天之内停止违规行为，且在六十天内要告知欧盟相关计画；若在期限内未采积极作为，欧盟会进一步对Google祭出每月全球平均营收五％的罚金，如果以首季Google营收来算，每日罚金收一百万欧元，这是很大的利空。

最近美国前五大市值科技股FAAMG（Apple，Google，Microsoft，Amazon，Facebook）股价回档压力大，但是欧盟加重对Google裁罚，加大Google回档的压力，Google股价从九八八．二五美元跌到八九八．七美元，让Google市值缩减了大约六百亿美元。

**全球竞争力集中少数巨头**

其实这三样事都标示着同样一件事，全球竞争集中化，而且是赢家通吃的现象愈来愈凸显。Google这次被欧盟裁罚，背后最大的着力点是Google的搜寻引擎占全欧盟九成以上，这是一个赢家通吃的新资本主义时代（winner-take-all capitalism），现在全世界都开始担心科网巨擘不断攻城掠地，最后会不会重创世界，造成百业萧条，著名的市场分析机构MarketWatch最近有一篇专题报导，直指美国最成功的企业「正在杀死经济」。

大型企业不断攻城掠地，像最近亚马逊（Amazon）宣布以一三七亿美元购并拥有四三○个实体卖场的有机商品零售店Whole Foods Market，十年前亚马逊市值不到六百亿美元，根本买不起Whole Foods Market，但今天亚马逊膨胀到四千五百亿美元，吞下Whole Foods Market易如反掌，亚马逊正是一家不断创造破坏的企业。

亚马逊先在线上累积资本和客源，然后逐步淘汰线下的实体店，彻底颠覆原来零售业的生态，一九九四年贝佐斯（Jeff Bezos）创办亚马逊，原先这只是一家网路书店，但贝佐斯一开始就把目标订得很清楚，他曾说要让亚马逊成为「万货店」（The Everything Store），他要让亚马逊什么都卖。

**亚马逊〞创造性的破坏〞打趴传产**

经过二十三年，亚马逊一步一脚印朝着这个目标前进，不断地制造「创造性的破坏」，从电子书Kindle开始，亚马逊打残了Borders，还有Barnes & Nobles；亚马逊卖歌曲、录影带，甚至电影，让百视达（Blockbuster）毫无招架之力。现在亚马逊也投资电视剧、电影，下一步要和Netflix正面交锋。亚马逊卖电子产品，RadioShack和Circuit City都宣布破产倒闭，这次再拿下Whole Foods Market，已让零售业巨人包括特易购（Tesco），好市多（Costco）和沃尔玛感到压力。

早在一九四二年之前，经济学家熊彼得称资本主义总是不断「创造性地破坏」，如今资本主义加上新科技，这个创造性破坏威力更大，工业革命如此，九○年代崛起的网路时代更是如此，在这个时代，科技巨擘一方面从科技创新中带来效益，用科技的力量带来减价效果，为消费者带来好处，同时也为股东创造价值；但是这些拥有品牌、产品以及服务的明星公司，藉着强大竞争力，蚕食了传统产业的利润，压低了打工仔的酬劳，遏阻了整体经济成长，同时也让社会分化加剧。

**市场赢家用购并〞缩减〞竞争对手**

根据美国人口普查局资料统计，过去二十年，顶尖企业的市场占有率快速扩增，全球有四分之三的行业，市场集中度愈来愈高，其中一○％行业的利润集中在几家龙头企业，许多其他企业也由少于十家企业垄断。经济学家Jason Furman和Peter Orszag共同研究发现，少数公司利用其竞争优势，获得超过一○○％的回报率，比一般公司的二○％利润，高出很多倍。

巨无霸企业拥有经营许可证、专利、版权及其他智慧产权，可以阻止潜在竞争者进入市场，他们拥有强大品牌，使旗下产品得以更高溢价销售，并且利用网路巩固其垄断地位，而且手握足够筹码，可争取政府提供补贴和放宽监管，还有为了消除潜在劲敌，大型企业还可以直接收购竞争对手，或锁定进入行业所需资源，包括技术人才及销售通路，并且藉其购并筑起保护壁垒。

许多新创公司根本还来不及跟这些科技巨擘一较高下，在他们萌芽时已被大企业购并。这样的故事在以色列天天发生，很多萌芽的企业一旦被认定具有发展潜力，通常很快遭到购并。美国FAAMG五大科技巨擘，过去十年共并进五百多家企业，由于进入门槛愈来愈高，现在的新创公司明显比十年前减少很多。

像亚马逊的扩张，新发展的Amazon Go，消费者进入店内不用付款，随意取走任何货品，电脑会自动记录，并透过App支付，这样的扩张将逐步威胁到美国本土零售业，甚至是餐饮业员工素质。到去年底为止，美国约有一六五○万零售从业人员及一一四○万的餐饮从业人员，很多零售业从业人员纷纷遭到资遣解雇，餐饮人员虽未直接受到冲击，但随着传统商场或实体店业务收缩，下一个挑战也无可逃避。

**全球广告业被鲸吞半壁江山**

更不幸的是，仓储中的工作愈来愈多由机器人取代，物流业人员将急速缩编，亚马逊现在正考虑部署无人机，直接把包裹递送到顾客家门前。很多人认真在思考亚马逊这一步转型，将「杀死」更多美国职位，而这个现象最显着的冲击是传统广告业。

市调机构Harket对一七年的预测，今年全球网路广告Google拿走八○八亿美元，脸书分走三六三亿美元；换言之，Google加上脸书，已拿走全球网路广告的半壁江山，这个现象连台湾也强力感受到，去年脸书拿走超过新台币一百亿元的媒体广告量，以台湾媒体广告量一年约新台币四百至五百亿元来估算，Google加上脸书大概分走媒体广告四成，其他传统媒体业生机当然遭到压缩。

这次亚马逊拿下Whole Foods Market，着眼的是吃得健康。跨入二十一世纪，人类愈来愈爱吃，吃得好几乎变成一个宗教，工业生产带来污染，让愈来愈多的人认真寻找安全健康食材；全球化带来各国美食，但中产阶级更重视吃得健康，宁可花更多钱购买有机食品。

根据资料统计，美国人平均花费六％购买食物，一五年食物消费六○二○亿美元，这个数字高于汽车和手机，一六年美国人每周平均花费一一○美元在食物上，成长率超过通膨；因此，亚马逊对Whole Foods Market下手卡位，这是破坏性创造的必杀手段。

而造就这个破坏创新的大推手，显然是苹果带来过去十年新革命，这场科技变革最大推手，应该是iPhone带来的巨大改变。大家回想一下，十年前的今天跟现在有什么差别？最大的差别是：十年前这个世界没有「低头族」，因为智慧型手机改变了这个世界。

○七年六月二十九日iPhone正式发售，在此之前，苹果已凭藉着Mac、iPod开启贾伯斯（Steve Jobs）的第二春。当时苹果每股不到二十美元，市值约九○○亿美元，现在市值跑到七四七○亿美元，股价在一四三．五美元，股价乍看涨不多，原来是苹果在一○年时，一股拆七股，以○七年到今天，苹果市值从九○○亿美元变成七四七○亿美元，大约成长七．三倍。而这段期间，道琼指数上涨六○％，那斯达克（Nasdaq）涨了一．四倍，股神巴菲特的波克夏涨了一．三倍，Google则涨了二六○％。

○七年的iPhone第一代，全球卖出六一○万支，去年推出的iPhone 7累积有一亿支的销售量，iPhone一至七总共销售了十亿支。过去的手机只有通话功能，直到智慧型手机真正开启了智能的时代，苹果带来很多赢家，像帮苹果代工的鸿海、光学的大立光、舜宇光学，以及其他如瑞声科技、高通、蓝思科技、立讯精密等，都是苹果创出来的大赢家。

六月二十六日，《富比世》（Forbes）以「The 11 Taiwanese Tycoons Who Built Fortunes By Selling To Apple」为题，介绍十一位靠着苹果发迹的老板。这十一人是鸿海的郭台铭、广达林百里、大立光的林耀英及陈世卿、日月光的张虔生、张洪本、台达电郑崇华、国巨陈泰铭、可成洪水树及台积电张忠谋，以及和硕童子贤。

**智能手机开启腾讯巨大的成长**

其实中国的腾讯，可能也是智慧型手机带来变革最大赢家。腾讯十年前主打电脑上使用的QQ软件，主要收入靠广告。○六年腾讯的营业额是二十八亿元人民币，净利十亿元人民币，当时市值六百亿港币；iPhone推出之际，未在中国发售，后来随着智慧型手机全面化，腾讯也推出微信，智能手机真正开启腾讯巨大的成长。如今腾讯市值高达二．六六兆港币，这个十年成长令人目眩。

鸿海也是代工的赢家，○六年鸿海的营业额一．三兆元台币，净利约六六二亿元，过去鸿海帮摩托罗拉、诺基亚代工，到去年为止，鸿海营收四．四兆新台币，净利一四八七亿台币，来自苹果的订单带给鸿海巨大的成长。

这是一个十年的巨变，大家可以想想，下一个十年，这个世界会再出现怎样让你意想不到的巨大变化。(完)

注: 1.专栏作者老谢--谢金河，为《今周刊》发行人兼财讯文化事业执行长。

2.以上评论不代表路透立场。

~_~

路透伦敦6月30日 - 不久之前，油价下跌17%会导致新兴市场股市陷入混乱。但今年的情景是，新兴市场股市有望录得2014年以来最佳上半年表现。

理由？跟很多事情一样，新兴股市已经因技术而改变。

就像表现优异的美国科技股--Facebook、亚马逊(Amazon)、Netflix和谷歌(Google)，在谷歌母公司改名为Alphabet之前被简称为FANGs，中国互联网三巨头--百度(Baidu)、阿里巴巴(Alibaba)和腾讯(Tencent)被称作BATs。新兴股市原来是能源和矿业公司占比很大，BATs则改变了这种局面。

但BATs只是新兴市场“新经济”题材中很小的一部分，现在新兴市场以市值计最大的公司是三星(005930.KS)、腾讯(0700.HK)、台湾半导体股份有限公司(5425.TWO)、阿里巴巴(BABA.N)和南非Naspers(NPNJn.J)等高科技企业集团。

MSCI明晟新兴市场指数中，还有一些规模相对较小的信息科技(IT)公司，主要根据地在亚洲。所有这些科技企业在该指数的权重超过25%，和银行股齐平，大大超过能源股所占7%的比重。

据MSCI明晟数据显示，10年前，MSCI明晟新兴市场指数中能源股占比超过15%，而IT股不足12%。

“BAT企业已对指数权重构成影响，这些巨大的互联网企业可与美国的FANG(Facebook、亚马逊、Netflix和谷歌)媲美，”Charlemagne Capital投资组合经理Julian Mayo称。

“对新兴市场最大的谬误之一，是认为他们依赖大宗商品，具体而言是依赖石油，而实际情况是中国、韩国、台湾和印度这四大新兴市场是大宗商品的进口大户，”Mayo并称。

这或许可以解释，为什么布兰特原油价格出现1998年以来最差上半年表现，而MSCI明晟新兴市场指数同期却上涨约17%。

该指数通常跟随油价涨跌，但去年以来这一关联被打破了：

投资者对油价下跌淡然处之，年初至今已向新兴股票基金投入了逾400亿美元资金。

同时，由于大宗商品的超级周期已消退，且原油价格已自2014年初的价位减半，往昔的油气巨头--俄罗斯天然气工业股份公司(俄气/Gazprom)(GAZP.MM)、中石油(601857.SS)和巴西国家石油公司(Petrobras) (PETR4.SA)的价值都已受到冲击；2007年俄气在MSCI明晟新兴市场股指中还排在首位，但2017年就已跌出前十了。

相反，美国科技类板块猛涨，近20%的涨幅提振了新兴市场IT类股。

“在基准指数中，目前IT类股比重超过了材料类和能源类股，结合历史背景来看，这是一个相对较新的情况，”百达资产管理新兴股票团队的高级产品专员Nandra-Koehrer说道。

她说，尽管IT股在新兴市场可能呈现“长期结构性走势”，但新兴市场是否再度向石油倾斜，至少部分取决于石油这一大宗商品的超级周期是否会卷土重来。

但随着页岩油和可再生能源越来越有成本效益，短期内似乎不太可能出现。

**未能切断联系**

新兴市场尚未切断与能源的联系，俄罗斯、哥伦比亚及尼日利亚等国家仍依赖原油出口。确实，随着油价跌向40美元，股市韧性在6月初始曾出现过崩溃迹象，与此同时，大宗商品所占比重较高的俄罗斯股票今年表现最糟。

许多投资者将其与美国垃圾债进行比较。近五分之一的垃圾债归属于能源企业，但随着他们业务模式的发展，他们对这波油价下跌展现的韧性胜过2014年油价大跌时。

EMSO Asset Management研究主管Patrick Esteruelas称，2015年底一波类似的油价下跌，已透过美国垃圾债影响到新兴市场。

“如果油价再度出现下跌行情，并在美国高收益债市引发信用事件，那也能影响到新兴市场，”他说。

其他人指出,自上次油价反转以来，全球形势有所改善。

“关联有些脱钩，对此有充分的补偿因素。这并不意味着这种关联永远打破，但这种对新兴市场和美国页岩油产生不利影响的低油价，比以前水平还要低，”NN Investment Partners首席投资策略师Valentijn van Nieuwenhuijzen表示。

但IT行业权重提高也带来了正面影响，即IT企业股东权益报酬率(ROE)提高。这对选股者而言是一项关键指标，可以反映一家公司利用股东资本产生回报的情况。

目前新兴IT产业平均ROE几乎是能源企业的两倍，远超过股指平均水准。

摩根士丹利就这一问题曾发布一份报告指出MSCI明晟指数的这种转变，即“由ROE较低、杠杆较高且产能过剩的行业转向ROE较高、杠杆较低且不存在产能挑战的新经济产业”。

摩根士丹利把IT行业在新兴市场股指占更大权重看作是有利的结构变化，预示着该指数未来表现会更好。(完)

~_~

路透法兰克福5月23日 - 中国网络和智能手机巨头华为周二表示，计划进军全球电脑市场，这对个人电脑(PC)业者构成了新的挑战。PC市场销量已连续两年下降。

华为在柏林的发布会上发布了其首批三款个人电脑，分别为15.6英寸屏幕的笔记本、超薄13英寸屏幕的笔记本以及二合一的平板和笔记本产品。

作为电脑市场新军，华为初步目标是高端消费电脑，主要竞争对手为联想(0992.HK)、惠普(HPQ.N)和戴尔[DI.UL]，这三家业者在个人电脑市场总计占据超过50%的份额；其对手甚至还包括苹果日益萎缩的Mac电脑业务。

华为的Matebook X笔记本采用无风扇、防水设计，且电源键与指纹识别合一，售价在1,399-1,699欧元(1,570-1,900美元)。

该公司称，二合一Matebook E价格在999-1,299欧元，15.6英寸屏的Matebook D售价在799-999欧元。(完)

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~



~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~



~_~

CEE MARKETS-Zloty firms as investors mull likelihood of Polish rate hike

* Dissent in Polish central bank may mean earlier hike * Zloty leads rise in CEE currencies * Hawkish ECB minutes could put pressure on CEE asset prices * German yield rise may curb demand at Hungarian auction By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, July 6 Central European currencies firmed on Thursday but there was some reticence after the Polish central bank governor reiterated his view that rates would not start to rise from record low levels this year or next. There

~_~

U.S. cars a tough sell in South Korea even as Trump targets trade deal

SEOUL U.S. auto imports from the likes of General Motors and Ford Motor must become more chic, affordable or fuel-efficient to reap the rewards of President Donald Trump's attempts to renegotiate a trade deal with key ally South Korea, officials and industry experts in Seoul say.

~_~

Sumner Redstone has power to remove Viacom CEO from his trust

Sumner Redstone has the power to remove Viacom Inc Chief Executive Philippe Dauman, but not his daughter Shari, from the trust that will control his $40 billion media empire after his incapacitation or death, according to two sources familiar with the matter.

~_~

Sumner Redstone has power to remove Viacom CEO from his trust

Sumner Redstone has the power to remove Viacom Inc Chief Executive Philippe Dauman, but not his daughter Shari, from the trust that will control his $40 billion media empire after his incapacitation or death, according to two sources familiar with the matter.

~_~

Qatar signals LNG price war for market share in Asia

SINGAPORE Qatar's plan to boost liquefied natural gas (LNG) output by 30 percent is the opening shot in a price war for customers in Asia pitting the Gulf state against competitors from the United States, Russia and Australia.

~_~

CEE MARKETS-Zloty firms as investors mull likelihood of Polish rate hike

* Dissent in Polish central bank may mean earlier hike * Zloty leads rise in CEE currencies * Hawkish ECB minutes could put pressure on CEE asset prices * German yield rise may curb demand at Hungarian auction By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, July 6 Central European currencies firmed on Thursday but there was some reticence after the Polish central bank governor reiterated his view that rates would not start to rise from record low levels this year or next. There

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~



~_~

CEE MARKETS-Zloty firms as investors mull likelihood of Polish rate hike

* Dissent in Polish central bank may mean earlier hike * Zloty leads rise in CEE currencies * Hawkish ECB minutes could put pressure on CEE asset prices * German yield rise may curb demand at Hungarian auction By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, July 6 Central European currencies firmed on Thursday but there was some reticence after the Polish central bank governor reiterated his view that rates would not start to rise from record low levels this year or next. There

~_~

Sumner Redstone has power to remove Viacom CEO from his trust

Sumner Redstone has the power to remove Viacom Inc Chief Executive Philippe Dauman, but not his daughter Shari, from the trust that will control his $40 billion media empire after his incapacitation or death, according to two sources familiar with the matter.

~_~

Sumner Redstone has power to remove Viacom CEO from his trust

Sumner Redstone has the power to remove Viacom Inc Chief Executive Philippe Dauman, but not his daughter Shari, from the trust that will control his $40 billion media empire after his incapacitation or death, according to two sources familiar with the matter.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Sumner Redstone has power to remove Viacom CEO from his trust

Sumner Redstone has the power to remove Viacom Inc Chief Executive Philippe Dauman, but not his daughter Shari, from the trust that will control his $40 billion media empire after his incapacitation or death, according to two sources familiar with the matter.

~_~

Sumner Redstone has power to remove Viacom CEO from his trust

Sumner Redstone has the power to remove Viacom Inc Chief Executive Philippe Dauman, but not his daughter Shari, from the trust that will control his $40 billion media empire after his incapacitation or death, according to two sources familiar with the matter.

~_~

CEE MARKETS-Zloty firms as investors mull likelihood of Polish rate hike

* Dissent in Polish central bank may mean earlier hike * Zloty leads rise in CEE currencies * Hawkish ECB minutes could put pressure on CEE asset prices * German yield rise may curb demand at Hungarian auction By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, July 6 Central European currencies firmed on Thursday but there was some reticence after the Polish central bank governor reiterated his view that rates would not start to rise from record low levels this year or next. There

~_~

PRESS DIGEST -Wall Street Journal - July 6

July 6 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.

~_~

CEE MARKETS-Zloty firms as investors mull likelihood of Polish rate hike

* Dissent in Polish central bank may mean earlier hike * Zloty leads rise in CEE currencies * Hawkish ECB minutes could put pressure on CEE asset prices * German yield rise may curb demand at Hungarian auction By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, July 6 Central European currencies firmed on Thursday but there was some reticence after the Polish central bank governor reiterated his view that rates would not start to rise from record low levels this year or next. There

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. President Donald Trump and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met for the first time on Monday (June 26), seeking to develop a warm relationship despite differences over trade, immigration and the Paris climate accord. "I'm proud to announce to the media, to the American people and to the Indian people that Prime Minister Modi and I are world leaders in social media," said Trump during a news conference at the White House Rose Garden. The two leaders went into their relatively low-key summit looking to bolster the U.S.-India strategic partnership but an equally important goal was simply to break the ice and get to know each other. As they met, a Pentagon agency said the U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale to India of a Boeing C-17 transport aircraft with an estimated cost of $366 million. Trump, in Oval Office remarks as Modi sat beside him, said Modi "has been such a great prime minister" and noted that he had been reading about India's economic success under his leadership.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) U.S. President Donald Trump views Germany as an important U.S. ally and gets along very well with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the White House said on Tuesday. Speaking at a news briefing after Trump intensified a dispute with Germany by calling Berlin's trade and spending policies "very bad," White House spokesman Sean Spicer said, "They get along very well. He has a lot of respect for her. ... And he views not just Germany but the rest of Europe as an important American ally." Merkel underlined her doubts about the reliability of the United States as an ally on Monday but said she was a "convinced trans-Atlanticist", fine-tuning her message after surprising Washington with her frankness a day earlier. In a speech in Berlin, Merkel showed how seriously she is concerned about Washington's dependability under President Donald Trump by repeating the message she delivered a day earlier that the days when Europe could completely count on others were "over to a certain extent".

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Recent World News

EU parliament asks for Turkish accession talks to be suspended STRASBOURG The European Parliament on Thursday asked for Turkey's European Union accession talks to be suspended if Ankara implements a constitutional overhaul, backed by a referendum in April, which expands the powers of President Tayyip Erdogan. Turkey

Greenpeace stages small protest during Trump's Poland visit WARSAW Greenpeace activists projected the slogan "No Trump, Yes Paris" onto a building in central Warsaw as U.S. President Donald Trump visited Poland on Wednesday, in protest at the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement.

G20 summit to strengthen multilateral cooperation: Merkel BERLIN The G20 summit in Germany should strengthen international cooperation and Berlin remains committed to the implementation of a major climate protection agreement, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday on the eve of the gathering in Hamburg. Environment

Pakistani politician shot dead in Baluchistan province QUETTA, Pakistan Gunmen on Thursday shot and killed a Pakistani regional political party leader in the city of Quetta, police said, the latest violence in the southwestern province of Baluchistan.

~_~

Recent Politics News

Illinois House to take up governor's budget, tax vetoes CHICAGO The fate of a spending plan and tax hike aimed at ending Illinois' unprecedented two-year budget impasse moved on Tuesday to the Democratic-controlled House of Representatives, which will seek to enact the legislation by overriding the Republican governor's vetoes. Election 2016, U.S.

Maine, New Jersey end state government shutdowns New Jersey and Maine ended partial government shutdowns just in time for the Fourth of July holiday on Tuesday, helping New Jersey Governor Chris Christie move past the embarrassment of being photographed on a beach that had been closed to the public. | U.S., Election 2016

~_~

Recent Technology News

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament: sources LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said. Cybersecurity

Just Eat names former Moneysupermarket.com chief Peter Plumb as CEO Online food delivery company Just Eat Plc said on Thursday Peter Plumb, the former chief executive of price comparison site operator Moneysupermarket.com Group Plc, had been named its CEO.

Taiwan to spend $33 million over five years on AI research centers TAIPEI Taiwan plans to spend T$1 billion ($32.73 million) every year over a period of five years on artificial intelligence research centers, the government said, in a move that will help its technology firms enter the fledgling sector.

LeEco boss asks for time, pledges to pay back debts HONG KONG The founder of China's struggling tech group LeEco, Jia Yueting, on Thursday pledged to take full responsibility for the company's debt troubles amid a deepening financial crisis and after some of the company's assets were frozen.

~_~

Venezuela's shield-bearing protesters Drawing inspiration from Ukraine's 2013-14 revolt, Venezuela's young protesters are donning Viking-like shields in battles with security forces and eagerly watching a film on the Kiev uprising.

Grime spreads beyond London's underground Squeezed in to a small and sweaty East London nightclub at 3 a.m., the Slew Dem Crew spit bars to a raucous audience revelling in the fast growing popularity of Britain's new musical obsession.

Venezuela: death of a protester David Jose Vallenilla, 22, was crouched down on the highway by the fence. At this moment he stood up, protected only by a small rucksack strapped to his chest, and just a few feet from the soldier, who began shooting. Venezuela photographer Carlos Garcia Rawlins details how a young activist was fatally wounded by a soldier at close range during a Caracas protest.

Canada's newest citizens At citizenship ceremonies across the country, new Canadians began a fresh chapter in their lives in a land they chose for what they saw as its diversity, safety and opportunity.

~_~

UPSOT "Eyes top left, eyes top right." Checking your identity using simulated human cognition aiThenticate say their system goes way beyond conventional facial recognition systems or the biometrics of passwords, fingerprints and eyescans AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "We need to have a much greater level of a certainty who somebody actually is. In order to answer that question, we appealed to deep science, deep learning, to develop an AI method, artificial intelligence method, in other words to replicate or to mimic or to simulate the way that we as humans, intuitively and instinctively go by recognizing somebody's head, is very different to the conventional traditional way of face recognition, finger print recognition, for that reason really represents the next generation of authentication technologies or methods." aiDX uses 16 distinct tests to recognise someone - including eye prints - using a standard off the shelf smart phone to access encrypted data stored in the cloud it can operate in active mode - asking the user taking a simple selfie or discreetly in the background AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "It has applications in the security sense, it has applications in a customer services sense, you know this kind of things the bank calls you up and says: this is your bank calling, please, where you live, what is your mother's name, what's your dog favourite hobby, whatever the case it may be. It takes that kind of guess work out of the equation completely and it answers the, "who" question to much greater levels of confidence or certainty, than what traditional or conventional biometrics have been able to do in the past." UPSOT "Halt" "My name's Ben Affleck" Let me confirm that....The system has confirmed that you are somebody else." Billions of dollars a year are lost to identity theft globally. aiThenticate hope their new system can help stop at least some of that illegal trade

~_~

“You’ve got to deal with the fact that it’s happening – and what are you going to do with those of us on the edge?” Grayson Chesser, lifelong resident, Accomack County, Virginia

For this article, Reuters analyzed millions of data entries and spent months reporting from affected communities to show that, while government at all levels remains largely unable or unwilling to address the issue, coastal flooding on much of the densely populated Eastern Seaboard has surged in recent years as sea levels have risen.

These findings, first reported July 10, aren’t derived from computer simulations like those used to model future climate patterns, which have been attacked as unreliable by skeptics of climate change research. The analysis is built on a time-tested measuring technology – tide gauges – that has been used for more than a century to help guide seafarers into port.

Reuters gathered more than 25 million hourly readings from National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration tide gauges at nearly 70 sites on the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific coasts and compared them to flood thresholds documented by the National Weather Service.

The analysis was then narrowed to include only the 25 gauges with data spanning at least five decades. It showed that during that period, the average number of days a year that tidal waters reached or exceeded flood thresholds increased at all but two sites and tripled at more than half of the locations.

Since 2001, water has reached flood levels an average of 20 days or more a year in Annapolis, Maryland; Wilmington, North Carolina; Washington, D.C.; Atlantic City, New Jersey; Sandy Hook, New Jersey; and Charleston, South Carolina. Before 1971, none of these locations averaged more than five days a year. Annapolis had the highest average number of days a year above flood threshold since 2001, at 34. On the Delmarva Peninsula, the annual average tripled to 18 days at the Lewes, Delaware, tide gauge.

The flood threshold does not measure actual flooding. It indicates the level at which the first signs of flooding are likely to appear – ponding on pavements and such. The higher the reading, the higher the probability of closed roads, damaged property and overwhelmed drainage systems. Scientists consider the readings to be a reliable indicator of actual flooding.

The Reuters analysis shows that the “impacts of climate change-related sea level rise are increasing frequencies of minor coastal flooding,” said William Sweet, an oceanographer for NOAA who led a team of scientists that released similar findings in late July. The NOAA study examined 45 gauges and found that flooding is increasing in frequency along much of the U.S. coastline and that the rate of increase is accelerating at sites along the Gulf and Atlantic coasts.

The coastal flooding is often minor. Its cumulative consequences are not. As flooding increases in both height and frequency, it exacts a toll in closed businesses, repeated repairs, and investment in protection. In effect, higher seas make the same level of storm and even the same high tides more damaging than they used to be.

In Charleston, a six-lane highway floods when high tides prevent storm water from draining into the Atlantic, making it difficult for half the town’s 120,000 residents to get to three hospitals and police headquarters. The city has more than $200 million in flood-control projects under way.

In Annapolis, home to the U.S. Naval Academy, half a foot of water flooded the colonial district, a National Historic Landmark, at high tide on Chesapeake Bay during rainstorms on April 30, May 1, May 16 and Aug. 12. Shopkeepers blocked doorways with wood boards and trash cans; people slipped off shoes to wade to work in bare feet.

Tropical storm flooding has worsened, too, because the water starts rising from a higher platform, a recent study found.

When Tropical Storm Nicole struck Maryland in 2010, it was no stronger than storms in 1928 and 1951 that were “non-events,” said the study’s author, David Kriebel, a Naval Academy ocean and coastal engineer. Nicole, by contrast, swamped downtown Annapolis and the Naval Academy. “It’s partly due to ground subsidence,” Kriebel said. “Meanwhile, there’s been a worldwide rise in sea level over that period.”

In tidal Virginia, where the tide gauge with the fastest rate of sea level rise on the Atlantic Coast is located, a heavy rainfall at high tide increasingly floods roads and strands drivers in Norfolk, Portsmouth and Virginia Beach.

Coastal flooding already has shut down Norfolk’s $318 million light rail system several times since it opened in 2011. Mayor Paul Fraim said he needs $1 billion for flood gates, higher roads and better drains to protect the city’s heavily developed shoreline.

LEGACY OF INACTION

The nation’s capital isn’t immune. The Potomac River turns into a tidal estuary just north of Washington as it flows toward Chesapeake Bay to the south. The average number of days a year above flood threshold has risen to 25 since 2001, up from five before 1971.

In 2010, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers began a $4.1 million project to close gaps in the line of flood protection for Constitution Avenue and the Federal Triangle area – home of the departments of Justice and Commerce, the National Archives and the Internal Revenue Service. The corps expects to finish in late autumn a 380-foot-long, 9-foot-tall barrier across 17th Street near the Washington Monument.

It still needs to raise by up to 3.5 feet a massive earthen berm built in the 1930s on the north side of the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool. But Congress – high and dry on Capitol Hill – hasn’t approved the $7.1 million needed to finish that and two smaller projects.

The Army Corps of Engineers, the agency charged with reducing flood and storm damage on the nation’s coasts and inland waterways, recommended the project in 1992. Congress authorized it in 1999. “We’ve been waiting for appropriations for a long time,” said Jim Ludlam, the corps’ civil engineer on the National Mall project.

Congress chooses which corps projects to fund on a piecemeal basis. It has $60 billion in approved but unfunded projects gathering dust on its shelves, including 34 authorized by lawmakers this spring. The sums involved dwarf the $2 billion a year the corps typically receives for construction, aside from disaster funding.

As a result, “we will be constructing water projects to solve past problems for the next 40 years” as the money is slowly made available, said David Conrad, a water resources policy specialist in Washington.

The wait list is symptomatic of a larger problem hindering efforts to deal with rising seas: the U.S. government’s inability to confront the issue head-on.

Engineers say there are three possible responses to rising waters: undertake coastal defense projects; adapt with actions like raising roads and buildings; or abandon land to the sea. Lacking a national strategy, the United States applies these measures haphazardly.

Sea level rise has become mired in the debate over climate change. And on climate change, the politically polarized U.S. Congress can’t even agree whether it’s happening.

The stalemate was on display in May, when the administration of President Barack Obama released its updated National Climate Assessment. The 841-page report was five years in the making, with input from more than 300 scientists, engineers, government and industry officials and other experts, a 60-member advisory committee and more than a dozen federal departments and agencies. It was among the first major assessments of climate change to move from predictions of disaster to point out the effects that can already be seen: record-setting heat waves, droughts and torrential rains.

At or near the top of the list of the most pressing concerns is “the issue of sea level rise along the vast coastlines of the United States,” Jerry Melillo, a scientist at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, and chairman of the advisory committee, said at a briefing on the report.

Video: Accomack County, Virginia, under siege

Within hours of its release, Representative Lamar Smith of Texas, Republican chairman of the House science committee, decried the report as nothing more than “a political document intended to frighten Americans into believing that any abnormal weather we experience is the direct result of human [carbon dioxide] emissions.”

Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, responded: “There is no time left to deny the reality of climate change, or to turn a blind eye on the impact it is having on our country.”

Congress actually recognized global warming way back in 1978 with passage of the National Climate Program Act. The law aimed to “assist the Nation and the world to understand and respond to natural and man-induced climate processes and their implications.”

But after three decades and more than $47 billion in direct federal spending on climate change research, Congress hasn’t passed a major piece of legislation to deal specifically with the effects of rising sea levels.

“In the U.S., you have best data set on what’s happening in the world, and yet it’s not used in public policy,” said Robert Nicholls, professor of coastal engineering at the University of Southampton in England and a contributor to the U.N.-sponsored Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. "You say you don’t believe in global warming. But sea levels have been rising for 100 years in Baltimore.”

ROCKET SCIENCE

The irony is evident at Wallops Flight Facility.

NASA scientist William Krabill and his team have flown research missions from there aboard aircraft with laser technology to measure changes in the Greenland ice sheet, 1,000 miles long, 400 miles wide and up to 2 miles thick. The data they have collected since 1991 has produced evidence that the ice covering Greenland is melting. “Any glacier we have visited in Greenland over the last 25 years is thinning,” Krabill said. “It’s thinning faster five years ago than when we visited 25 years ago.”

They’ve found the same thing is happening to Antarctica’s ice sheet – seven times larger than Greenland’s. Their discoveries underpin predictions of rising seas for decades to come.

The scientists don’t have to look far to see the consequences of rising seas. Wallops Island is gradually being inundated. Yet this bastion of climate research has been slow to apply the science of sea level rise to its own operations. Officials here are embarking on expansion in the face of increasing assaults from the sea.

The Arctic research program’s aircraft is safely ensconced in a hangar on the mainland. But a billion dollars in assets – 50 NASA structures including three sub-orbital spacecraft launchers, as well as a commercial spaceport and a Navy surface combat training center – cluster on Wallops Island.

The launch pads sit at the south end of the island, “the most vulnerable part,” said Caroline Massey, assistant director of management operations at Wallops. Moving them farther north would put them too dangerously close to the people of Chincoteague, she said.

But Wallops Island has been losing an average of 12 feet of shoreline a year. A seawall three miles long and 14 feet high intended to protect the launch structures hasn’t stopped the flooding. Rather, it has allowed wave action to consume the natural beach that once served as a shoreline buffer.

In January 2009, a federal interagency assessment of the mid-Atlantic coast said that both Wallops and nearby Assateague islands may have crossed a “geomorphic threshold” from a relatively stable state into a highly unstable condition – one in which rising seas could trigger “significant and irreversible changes.” The islands could shrink, move or break apart.

Ten months later, construction started on a $15.5 million rocket assembly building and a $100 million launch pad 250 feet from the pounding surf on the south end of the island.

In early 2010, Wallops officials proposed a $43 million project to extend the sea wall by about 1,400 feet and build a new, 4-mile-long beach to better protect their growing assets on the island. As required by law, they released a draft environmental impact statement on the plan.

Reviewers from state and federal agencies criticized the 348-page document for failing to adequately take rising sea levels into account in the project design and impact, or to temper future plans for expansion. Even NASA’s own technical review team noted the “short shrift” given to the problem.

Wallops officials responded by nearly doubling references to the effects of sea level rise in the impact statement. But in the official record of the decision, which announced Wallops would proceed with the project, sea level rise isn’t mentioned anywhere. Joshua Bundick, Wallops’s environmental planning manager, explained that he distilled the issues “down to only the highest points,” and sea level rise wasn’t among them.

Before work began, Hurricane Irene hit in August 2011. The storm surge did $3.8 million in damage to Wallops and closed it for weeks, Massey said. Work was finally finished in August 2012. Two months later, Sandy ripped out large hunks of the wall, sparing the buildings but washing away a quarter of the 3.2 million cubic yards of new beach sand. An additional 10 percent has eroded away since then, Massey said. An $11 million redo, paid out of the Sandy relief fund, began in July, and Wallops officials are considering adding another launch pad, she said.

“In the U.S., you have best data set on what’s happening in the world, and yet it’s not used in public policy.” Robert Nicholls, professor of coastal engineering, University of Southampton, England

As NASA stays the course at Wallops, the federal Fish and Wildlife Service is sending a different message to the town of Chincoteague next door.

The island community of 3,000 attracts more than a million tourists a year.

The big draw is Chincoteague National Wildlife Refuge on Assateague Island, just east of Chincoteague. Its 14,000 acres of wild beach, wetlands and loblolly pine forest provide habitats for the endangered Delmarva fox squirrel; the piping plover, a threatened beach-nesting bird; and up to 150 Chincoteague ponies, feral animals descended from a herd brought to the island in colonial times.

Most visitors come for the mile of ocean-facing public recreational beach, according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, which manages the refuge. Visitors can drive with all of their gear right up to the edge of the beach to park in a 1,000-space crushed-shell lot.

The only way to get to the beach is to drive through town, and many visitors eat, shop and sleep there. Tourism accounts for about two-thirds of the jobs in town, state and federal records show.

The problem is that the beach has been retreating at an average rate of 10 to 22 feet a year amid bigger and more frequent storms. The cost to American taxpayers of repeated destruction of the parking lot and causeway from rising sea levels would only increase, Fish and Wildlife officials said.

In 2010, the agency came up with a proposal: close the existing recreational beach and relocate it a mile and a half north, where the shoreline was retreating at a third of the pace. The new site would have a smaller parking lot to limit disturbance to wildlife, and visitors would be shuttled from a satellite lot in town.

WET SEASON: Annapolis officials say street flooding at high tide or during rainstorms has become more common in recent years - an observation backed by Reuters’ tide-gauge analsysis. REUTERS/Mary F. Calvert MARSH OF TIME: Only the roof remains of a house that once stood on Cedar Island, one of several islands around the Delmarva Peninsula lost to the sea in recent decades. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque THE LAST OF ITS KIND: Just this one house remains of what was once a thriving resort community on Cedar Island, Virginia. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque CHOKEPOINT: This single road provides the only overland access to the mainland for residents of Saxis, a slowly sinking Virginia town. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque LOCAL ATTRACTION: Feral ponies like these and the public beach are big tourist draws to the wildlife refuge on Assateague Island, near the town of Chincoteague. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque

“It’s incumbent on us to look further down the road,” said Hinds, the refuge manager at the time.

Chincoteague was incensed. Town leaders pointed to a survey in which 80 percent of visitors said they would not continue coming to the beach if they had to park in town and take a shuttle.

Residents also feared that Fish and Wildlife would let the southern end of Assateague Island erode away if the beach were moved. The southern tip of the island shelters a nascent shellfish aquaculture industry and buffers Chincoteague from storm surges.

A series of angry meetings with local Fish and Wildlife officials resolved nothing.

In 2012, Chincoteague got a hearing on the proposal at the U.S. Capitol. Thornton, the county supervisor, testified that local residents feared for their jobs. In a recent interview, Thornton, who owns a campground in Chincoteague, said she thinks the federal government is using climate change as a ploy in a “long-term plan to get everyone away from the coastline.”

She blames the government, not rising sea levels, for the beach’s flooding problems. The refuge hasn’t taken steps to protect the shoreline, such as replenishing the beach with sand, she said. “There’s going to be nothing left to protect us,” she said.

The agency compromised somewhat, releasing an official draft plan in May that would relocate the beach to the less unstable site, but keep the parking area at its current size, as long as there’s enough land to do so. Building a new parking lot, access road and visitor station would cost $12 million to $14 million. As many residents feared, this plan would not replenish the sand at the southern end of Assateague or at the new site as they erode.

A public hearing in Chincoteague on June 26 failed to settle the matter. Thornton is calling for more study before officials at Fish and Wildlife make a decision. Once a decision is made, Fish and Wildlife will probably have to seek federal funding from Congress to proceed with relocation.

Hinds, the refuge manager who shepherded the original proposal, retired last year. The stalemate over how to cope with the rising tide in this tiny town, he says, doesn’t bode well for the rest of America. “What do you do then,” he said, “when you start talking about New York City?”

Edited by John Blanton

~_~

Major U.S. poultry firms are administering antibiotics to their flocks far more pervasively than regulators realize, posing a potential risk to human health.

Internal records examined by Reuters reveal that some of the nation’s largest poultry producers routinely feed chickens an array of antibiotics – not just when sickness strikes, but as a standard practice over most of the birds’ lives.

In every instance of antibiotic use identified by Reuters, the doses were at the low levels that scientists say are especially conducive to the growth of so-called superbugs, bacteria that gain resistance to conventional medicines used to treat people. Some of the antibiotics belong to categories considered medically important to humans.

The internal documents contain details on how five major companies - Tyson Foods, Pilgrim’s Pride, Perdue Farms, George’s and Koch Foods - medicate some of their flocks.

The documented evidence of routine use of antibiotics for long durations was “astonishing,” said Donald Kennedy, a former U.S. Food and Drug Administration commissioner.

Kennedy, president emeritus of Stanford University, said such widespread use of the drugs for extended periods can create a “systematic source of antibiotic resistance” in bacteria, the risks of which are not fully understood. “This could be an even larger piece of the antibiotic-resistance problem than I had thought,” Kennedy said.

Reuters reviewed more than 320 documents generated by six major poultry companies during the past two years. Called “feed tickets,” the documents are issued to chicken growers by the mills that make feed to poultry companies’ specifications. They list the names and grams per ton of each “active drug ingredient” in a batch of feed. They disclose the FDA-approved purpose of each medication. And they specify which stage in a chicken’s roughly six-week life the feed is meant for.

The feed tickets examined represent a fraction of the tens of thousands issued annually to poultry farms run by or for major producers. The confidential information they contain nonetheless extends well beyond what the U.S. government knows. Veterinary use of antibiotics is legal and has been rising for decades. But U.S. regulators don’t monitor how the drugs are administered on the farm – in what doses, for what purposes, or for how long. Made public here for the first time, the feed documents thus provide unique insight into how some major players use antibiotics.

The tickets indicate that two of the poultry producers - George’s and Koch Foods - have administered drugs belonging to the same classes of antibiotics used to treat infections in humans. The practice is legal. But many medical scientists deem it particularly dangerous, because it runs the risk of promoting superbugs that can defeat the life-saving human antibiotics.

In interviews, another major producer, Foster Poultry Farms, acknowledged that it too has used drugs that are in the same classes as antibiotics considered medically important to humans by the FDA.

About 10 percent of the feed tickets reviewed by Reuters list antibiotics belonging to medically important drug classes. But in recent presentations, scientists with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the use of any type of antibiotic, not just medically important ones, contributes to resistance. They said that whenever an antibiotic is administered, it kills weaker bacteria and enables the strongest to survive and multiply.

Frequent, sub-therapeutic use of antibiotics in low doses intensifies that effect, scientists and public health experts say. The risk: Any resulting superbugs might also develop cross-resistance to medically important antibiotics.

According to the feed tickets reviewed, low doses of antibiotics were part of the standard diet for some flocks at five companies: Tyson, Pilgrim’s, Perdue, George’s and Koch.

“These are not targeted uses aimed at specific bugs for defined duration. They’re multiple, repeat shotgun blasts that will certainly kill off weaker bugs and promote the stronger, more resistant ones," said Keeve Nachman, director of the food production and public health program at Johns Hopkins University’s Bloomberg School of Public Health.

“HIGHLY IMPORTANT” DRUGS

This month, Perdue Farms announced that it had stopped applying the antibiotic gentamicin to eggs in chicken hatcheries. Gentamicin is a member of an antibiotic class considered “highly important” in human medicine by the FDA. The company said it wants “to move away from conventional antibiotic use” because of “growing consumer concern and our own questions about the practice.”

The move won’t change what Perdue feeds its chickens, however. Some of its feed has contained low levels of one antibiotic, feed tickets show. Perdue said it only uses antibiotics that aren’t considered medically important by the FDA, and at some farms, it uses no antibiotics at all.

The manner in which drugs are being given to poultry shows that “this could be an even larger piece of the antibiotic-resistance problem than I had thought.” Donald Kennedy, former FDA commissioner

“We recognized that the public was concerned about the potential impact of the use of these drugs on their ability to effectively treat humans,” Bruce Stewart-Brown, Perdue’s senior vice president of food safety and quality, said when the hatchery policy was announced.

The poultry industry’s lobby takes issue with the concerns of government and academic scientists, saying there is little evidence that bacteria which do become resistant also infect people.

"Several scientific, peer reviewed risk assessments demonstrate that resistance emerging in animals and transferring to humans does not happen in measurable amounts, if at all," said Tom Super, spokesman for the National Chicken Council. He said using antibiotics to prevent diseases in flocks “is good, prudent veterinary medicine…. Prevention of the disease prevents unnecessary suffering and prevents the overuse of potentially medically important antibiotics in treatment of sick birds.”

Poultry producers began using antibiotics in the 1940s, not long after scientists discovered that penicillin, streptomycin and chlortetracycline helped control outbreaks of disease in chickens. The drugs offered an added benefit: They kept the birds’ digestive tracts healthy, and chickens were able to gain more weight without eating more food.

Over the years, the industry’s use of antibiotics grew. Early on, independent scientists warned that bacteria would inevitably develop resistance to those antibiotics, especially when the drugs were administered in low doses. In 1976, a landmark study by microbiologist Stuart Levy showed that potentially deadly bacteria in poultry were developing resistance to tetracyclines and other antibiotics. The resistant bacteria, E. Coli, were then moving from poultry to people.

That is when the FDA first tried to rein in drug use in food animals. The agricultural and pharmaceutical industries resisted, viewing low-level antibiotic use as a way to produce meat more quickly and cheaply.

Today, 80 percent of all antibiotics used in America are given not to people, but to livestock.

About 390 medications containing antibiotics have been approved to treat illness, stave off disease and promote growth in farm animals. But the FDA has reviewed just 7 percent of those drugs for their likelihood of creating antibiotic-resistant superbugs, a Reuters data analysis found.

The widespread use of antibiotics worries public health authorities. In a report this year, the World Health Organization called antibiotic resistance “a problem so serious it threatens the achievements of modern medicine.” The annual cost to battle antibiotic-resistant infections is estimated at $21 billion to $34 billion in the United States alone, the WHO said.

Each year, about 430,000 people in the United States become ill from food-borne bacteria that resist conventional antibiotics, according to a July report by the CDC. Overall, the CDC estimates that 2 million people are sickened in the United States annually with infections resistant to antibiotics. At least 23,000 people die.

“That’s the number we are certain of. The actual number is higher,” said Steve Solomon, director of the CDC’s Office of Antimicrobial Resistance.

This year, federal investigators tracking a salmonella outbreak traced virulent strains of the pathogen to chickens raised by Foster Farms, the largest poultry producer on the West Coast.

Investigators identified seven strains of Salmonella Heidelberg that had sickened at least 634 people across the United States and Puerto Rico this year and last. More than 200 of those people were hospitalized, according to the CDC. In July, Foster Farms issued a recall of some chicken products.

When epidemiologists examined 68 of the Salmonella Heidelberg cases linked to Foster Farms, they found that two-thirds of the bacteria were resistant to at least one antibiotic, according to the CDC. Half of these superbugs were impervious to drugs in at least three different classes of antibiotics.

In an effort to stop the spread of resistant bacteria, the FDA has issued voluntary guidelines to regulate antibiotic use by producers of poultry and other livestock. The agency says it also inspects the mills where animal feed is made. It considers those inspections to be a “more effective” use of its resources than examining how farmers administer feed.

“These are not targeted uses aimed at specific bugs for defined duration. They’re multiple, repeat shotgun blasts that will certainly kill off weaker bugs and promote the stronger, more resistant ones.” Keeve Nachman, Johns Hopkins University

Not until 2016 does the FDA plan to gather data about antibiotic use on farms, said Craig Lewis, a veterinary medical officer with the agency. Today, “none of us have an idea first-hand of what’s going on” at the farm level, Lewis said this summer, at a public meeting on antibiotic resistance.

Super, the National Chicken Council spokesman, said the information on feed tickets “is available to FDA, the regulators, whenever they want to go see it.”

Still, companies are reluctant to discuss how they medicate their flocks.

One, Pilgrim’s Pride, said it would take legal action against Reuters unless the news agency gave the company access to Pilgrim’s feed tickets that reporters had reviewed. Reuters declined to do so.

The tickets show that Pilgrim’s added low doses of the antibiotics bacitracin and monensin, individually or in combination, to every ration fed to a flock grown early this year. Neither drug is classified as medically important by the FDA, although bacitracin commonly is used to prevent human skin infections.

The Colorado-based company wouldn’t address questions about its use of antibiotics. Its general counsel, Nicholas White, called the contents of its tickets “confidential business information.”

U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-New York, said the feed tickets substantiate what she long suspected: "that the overuse of antibiotics on many chicken farms is rampant.”

Gillibrand has been pushing for regulators to more aggressively monitor low-level doses of antibiotics. Now, Gillibrand said, she hopes “the FDA will use the feed-ticket data obtained by Reuters as a wake-up call to re-evaluate their approach to the regulation of antibiotic use in food production.”

So does Rep. Rosa DeLauro, D-Connecticut, a member of a House subcommittee overseeing food safety. Told of the information in the feed tickets, DeLauro called on the FDA to “implement tighter restrictions on antibiotic usage.”

DUAL EFFECTS

All the poultry giants state publicly that they use antibiotics for the limited purpose of keeping chickens healthy.

But the feed tickets, which list the medications included in chicken feed, highlight a second effect of many of the drugs: bulking up the birds.

Some of the tickets reviewed for this article state that the antibiotics promote feed efficiency or weight gain in chickens. The FDA requires companies to list growth promotion on feed tickets whenever feed includes antibiotics that have been approved for that purpose.

NOURISHMENT: Some Perdue flocks receive feed with an antibiotic, others don’t; here, Perdue feed containing a non-medically important antibiotic called narasin at C&A Farms in Fairmont, North Carolina. REUTERS/Randall Hill MODERN BARN: Nearly 20,000 broiler chicks are housed inside a Foster Farms chicken ranch in Stanislaus County, California. REUTERS/Max Whittaker MORTALITY RATE: Craig Watts, a contract chicken farmer for Perdue Farms, looks over a tally of mortality rates at C&A Farms in Fairmont, North Carolina in June. REUTERS/Randall Hill FLOCK MAINTENANCE: Raising chickens requires constant monitoring of feed and water systems; Perdue contract farmer Craig Watts walks a house at C&A Farms in Fairmont, North Carolina in June. REUTERS/Randall Hill

Reuters found eight different antibiotics listed on the tickets it reviewed. The tickets come from a scattering of farms across the United States – in Mississippi, Alabama, South Carolina, Virginia and Washington State, among other locations.

George’s Inc, a poultry company based in Springdale, Arkansas, issued feed tickets last year to a chicken grower in Virginia. The tickets show that the antibiotics tylosin and virginiamycin were administered solely for “increased rate of weight gain.”

Tylosin belongs to a class of antibiotics the FDA considers “critically important” in human medicine, the most crucial of three ranks of sensitive drugs. Virginiamycin is part of a class in the FDA’s middle rank, “highly important.”

Other George’s Inc feed tickets, given to two growers in Virginia this year, show the antibiotics bacitracin and narasin and a non-antibiotic drug called nicarbazin were included in every poultry ration in different combinations until shortly before slaughter. Bacitracin can promote growth.

George’s said in a statement: “Occasionally (when necessary to control certain pathogens) appropriate FDA approved medications are utilized to prevent, control or treat specific diseases.” It declined to answer detailed questions.

Use of antibiotics to stave off disease in flocks “is good, prudent veterinary medicine…. Prevention of the disease … prevents the overuse of potentially medically important antibiotics in treatment of sick birds.” Tom Super, National Chicken Council

At Tyson Foods, two feed tickets sent by the company to two Mississippi farms show that bacitracin and the non-antibiotic nicarbazin were among the drugs mixed into the feed. The tickets state the drug combination is “for use in the prevention of coccidiosis in broiler flocks, growth promotion and feed efficiency.” Coccidiosis is a common intestinal ailment.

Tyson, also based in Springdale, Arkansas, said it does not use bacitracin to promote growth, only to prevent disease. The FDA requires companies to list growth promotion on tickets if medications have that effect, Tyson said. The company said that its feed mixture changes throughout the year. In some seasons, it said, the feed doesn’t include bacitracin and nicarbazin.

At Koch Foods Inc, a Chicago-based supplier to fast-food chain KFC Corp, feed tickets contradict a statement on the Koch website about antibiotic use.

Until Aug. 27, the website said Koch Foods uses antibiotics for the narrow purpose of protecting the health of its chickens. “We do not administer antibiotics at growth promotion doses,” the statement read in part. “No antibiotics of human significance are used to treat our birds.”

Koch feed tickets dated from Nov. 30, 2011, through July 20, 2014, indicate otherwise. They list low-dose amounts of five different types of antibiotics in feed given to flocks at one Alabama farm. One was virginiamycin, in a class considered “highly important” to fighting infections in humans.

In 34 of the 55 Koch Foods feed tickets that Reuters examined, antibiotics at low-dose levels were listed “for increased rate of weight gain,” a related growth-promotion use called “improved feed efficiency,” or both. Each of those feed tickets also said the antibiotics were for the prevention of coccidiosis, another bacterial infection, or both.

Koch Foods changed the website after being asked by Reuters about its use of virginiamycin. “I regret the wording mistake on that particular letter” on the website, said Mark Kaminsky, Koch’s chief financial officer. The company said it is required by the FDA to list certain drugs as growth promoters if they have that effect; Koch says it does not use them for that purpose.

Koch said it has no plans to discontinue the use of virginiamycin, which it says may be used to prevent a common intestinal infection in chicken.

KFC U.S. said in a statement: “KFC’s supply partners must adhere to our strict standards and specifications, which in some cases are more stringent than the FDA’s regulations.” A spokeswoman didn’t address detailed questions about antibiotic use by Koch Foods and KFC’s other chicken suppliers.

HEALTHIER CHICKENS?

The experience of one grower raises questions about whether preventive use of antibiotics has a meaningful effect on the health of chicken.

Craig Watts, who grows chicken for Perdue, says he sees little difference in outcomes for the birds he raises on feed containing an antibiotic and those he grows for the company’s antibiotic-free line.

Perdue mixes the antibiotic narasin into feed given to chickens in the company’s antibiotic-fed line. Its antibiotic-free line contains antimicrobial drugs that kill micro-organisms, but none that the FDA defines as an antibiotic, according to Perdue feed tickets shown by Watts. None of the drugs listed by Perdue on the feed tickets is considered medically important for humans.

Watts owns C&A Farms, about 20 miles north of Dillon, South Carolina. Since 2012, he has raised five antibiotic-free flocks for Perdue and seven flocks that received low doses of the antibiotic narasin, according to his records.

The mortality rates of the two flock types were nearly identical. About 900 birds died, per house, on the four-house farm. Flocks that received antibiotics and those that didn’t both hit Perdue's target weight of about 4.25 pounds per bird.

Perdue sees “similar” performance among birds fed antibiotics and those that do not receive the drugs, said Stewart-Brown, the Perdue official overseeing food safety. “We feel our current two approaches are both very responsive to public health concerns about antibiotic use in poultry.”

Perdue still uses antibiotics in some cases, because antibiotic-free flocks are “more expensive to run and more difficult to manage effectively,” Stewart-Brown said. The production complex served by Watts’ farm recently transitioned to all antibiotic-free flocks.

TRACKING AN OUTBREAK

One poultry giant whose antibiotic use has come into question is Foster Farms, based in Livingston, California. Its experience shows the difficulty of pinpointing when and how a bacteria turns into a superbug, say federal investigators.

Beginning last year, a salmonella outbreak spread across Oregon, Washington, California and 27 other states and territories. Federal investigators later linked the outbreak to chickens raised by Foster Farms and processed at a trio of its slaughterhouses in central California, according to USDA and CDC officials.

The scope of the outbreak reflected Foster Farms’ vast scale. Its operations in California’s Central Valley date to 1939, when Max and Verda Foster borrowed $1,000 against a life insurance policy and invested in an 80-acre farm.

Today, Foster owns large tracts of California farmland, chicken hatcheries in Colorado and train cars that haul grain from the Midwest. An estimated one of 10 chickens eaten in the United States is hatched, raised and slaughtered by Foster Farms, according to industry officials. The company dominates the chicken market west of the Rocky Mountains.

As the CDC studied what investigators informally called the “Foster Farms Outbreak,” researchers soon made a troubling discovery. Some of the Salmonella Heidelberg strains linked to Foster products proved resistant to a variety of antibiotics, the CDC concluded. Some of those drugs belonged to the same classes as penicillin and chlortetracycline, or CTC.

“The overuse of antibiotics on many chicken farms is rampant.” U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-New York

Some questions remain. Government investigators didn’t determine how the Salmonella Heidelberg traced to Foster Farms became resistant to antibiotics, and didn’t trace the resistant bacteria to specific farms. They didn’t examine Foster feed tickets from the outbreak period to see which antibiotics the company was using and how the drugs were being administered.

Reuters asked to see Foster Farms’ feed tickets from that period; the company didn’t respond to that request.

Foster Farms said it commissioned research that yielded findings very different from the CDC’s. The company declined to share the study. It summarized the research by saying scientists found no antibiotic resistance in two dozen salmonella samples collected from Foster Farms in 2012.

A CDC spokeswoman said the agency is aware that Foster Farms sponsored a study and has asked to review it, but hasn’t received a copy.

Foster Farms told Reuters it has administered CTC and penicillin at times, but selectively, not as part of standard feed. Foster said it had used CTC “as needed” to fight bacterial infections. It declined to say where or when it administered CTC. The company said it still uses penicillin to treat sick birds, but only “in critical situations when flocks are exposed to fatal diseases.” Foster doesn’t use antibiotics as growth promoters, it said.

CDC official Robert Tauxe helped investigate the outbreak. “Use of chlortetracycline could have contributed to the resistance patterns we saw” in the Salmonella Heidelberg, said Tauxe. “Penicillin, too.”

On July 11, the CDC said the Salmonella Heidelberg outbreak had ended. The USDA said it is monitoring the company’s new salmonella-prevention efforts. Agency officials and Foster’s chief veterinarian, Bob O’Connor, said the measures are working.

The company has reduced salmonella-infection rates on chicken meat from its California facilities to less than 3 percent, O’Connor said, far below the national average of 25 percent.

Despite the gains, O’Connor said the challenge of eradicating salmonella in the chicken industry remains. “For the people who wanted a silver-bullet-type story, there isn't one,” O’Connor said. “With salmonella, we're not going to be able to say, ‘It's over.’”

David Acheson, a former senior medical officer for the USDA and the FDA, now serves on a food safety advisory board for Foster Farms. He said the board never examined Foster’s use of antibiotics and whether its practices could have spawned superbugs.

“Does anyone know that it happened? No. Is it possible? Could it have happened? Yes,” Acheson said. “We know that antibiotic use, irrelevant of what you are treating, whether it be human or animal, can increase the likelihood of resistance. It’s biology at work.”

Reporting by P.J. Huffstutter in Chicago and Livingston, California, Brian Grow in Atlanta and Fairmont, North Carolina and Michael Erman in New York. Additional reporting Eric Johnson. Edited by David Greising and Blake Morrison.

FDA has reviewed just 7 percent of animal antibiotics for superbug risk NEW YORK – Scientists fear the widespread use of antibiotics on the farm may be a factor in the rise of “superbugs” – bacteria that grow resistant to drugs, infect humans and defy conventional medicines. Amid these concerns, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has come under pressure to curb antibiotic use in farm animals. In 2003, the agency announced plans to evaluate every new animal drug based on the drug’s potential to create superbugs. But the FDA hasn’t reviewed the vast majority of animal drugs now on the market, because most were approved before 2003. Reuters found that the agency has evaluated such risks for only about 10 percent of the approximately 270 drugs containing types of antibiotics the FDA considers medically important for treating humans and are also used in chickens, pigs and cattle. Overall, the FDA has evaluated the superbug risks for only about 7 percent of the approximately 390 drugs containing antibiotics that the agency has certified for veterinary use in chicken, pigs and cattle. Since the 1940s, the animal husbandry industry typically has included low levels of antibiotics in feed, in part to promote the growth of animals raised for meat. The FDA initiative to limit the risks posed by animal antibiotics took on new life last December. The agency issued a voluntary guideline calling on animal-drug makers to limit the approved uses of their drugs. Aware that poultry, pork and beef producers were attracted to many antibiotics because of their ability to promote faster growth, the agency urged the drug makers to discontinue growth promotion as an approved use on labels of medically important antibiotics. In a related initiative, the FDA by April 2015 intends to implement a “veterinary feed directive.” The new regulation will require veterinarians to oversee the use of antibiotics available over-the-counter that are mixed into feed. Today, all major makers of animal drugs that contain antibiotics, including Zoetis Inc and Eli Lilly & Co’s Elanco Animal Health unit, voluntarily have agreed to start removing growth promotion claims on product labels, according to the FDA. Labels must be modified by December 2016. As a result, 31 drugs have been withdrawn from the market by their makers, and manufacturers have changed the labels on two other drugs, according to the FDA. Even so, the labeling changes leave a loophole. No matter what labels say, meat producers can continue to use existing antibiotics at low levels, so long as producers assert the drugs are used for treatment, control and prevention of disease. Additional reporting by Brian Grow in Atlanta and P.J. Huffstutter in Chicago

~_~

OKLAHOMA CITY – The divorce trial of one of America’s wealthiest men, oil baron Harold Hamm, plays out mostly in secret here at the Oklahoma County Courthouse. For weeks, signs have been taped to the door of Courtroom 121. “CLOSED HEARING,” one reads. The other: “DO NOT ENTER.”

But an examination of the website of the company Hamm founded, Continental Resources Inc, reveals part of the billionaire’s legal strategy as he seeks to avoid what could be the largest divorce award in U.S. history.

Publicly traded Continental has been revising its corporate annals – in each case diminishing the company’s accomplishments under Hamm’s leadership or changing the dates of key achievements.

Downplaying his role in Continental’s success is central to Hamm’s chances of minimizing the financial blow from his divorce, lawyers say. According to state law, if Hamm can show that market conditions – rather than his management prowess – led to Continental’s financial success, he won’t have to share those gains with his estranged wife, Sue Ann. The two never signed a prenuptial agreement.

Reporters compared Continental’s current corporate website – www.contres.com – with a version from early this year. The analysis was done using the Internet Archive Wayback Machine, a repository of past web pages.

The comparison identified 18 separate items that had been recently deleted, added or revised. The changes included:

• Altering a claim that the company was first to “discover” an important oil field near the massive formation known as the Bakken Shale.

• Striking all references to Continental being “first” to successfully use or develop new technology that helped it find or pump more oil.

• Backdating the company’s hugely profitable decision to shift its exploration focus from natural gas to oil – to before Hamm’s 1988 marriage to Sue Ann. If that decision came prior to the Hamm marriage, then Sue Ann may not be entitled to reap part of the reward.

• Adding a date for when Continental moved into its most profitable drilling area. The company’s website now says that the firm moved into the Williston Basin, which straddles North Dakota and Montana, a year before the Hamms were married. The company also deleted an item that said Continental expanded into the Rocky Mountain region in 1993.

The company also removed a notable passage from one of its U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings, key documents used by investors to evaluate firms. In 2013 and earlier years, the annual proxy statement described Harold Hamm as “one of the driving forces” behind Continental’s success, a man who had “successfully grown the Company through his leadership skills and business judgment.” That passage was dropped in the 2014 proxy.

A spokeswoman for Continental Resources, Kristin Miskovsky, declined to comment about any of the specific website changes or the role of Continental’s board in reviewing them. She didn’t answer questions about the proxy change. In an email, Miskovsky repeated a prior statement: The Hamm divorce “has not and is not anticipated to impact Continental Resources’ business or operations.”

Since Hamm vs. Hamm began eight weeks ago, journalists have largely been barred from the courtroom. At the request of Continental, nearly all records and exhibits in the trial have been placed under seal by Oklahoma County Judge Howard Haralson; all but three days of the trial have been completely closed to the public. In most states, including Oklahoma, divorce trials usually take place in open court unless a judge closes the proceedings to protect a child. The Hamms have no minor children.

Before and After: Explore the changes made to Continental’s website CEO INSIGHTS: Continental has deleted a link on its website to "CEO Insights," the thoughts of CEO Hamm, shown at top; an external site - www.haroldhammonline.com - now says, "the authors have deleted this site." REUTERS GRAPHIC NEW PROXY: Continental’s 2013 proxy filing with the SEC, top, praised Hamm as “one of the driving forces behind the company and its success.” In the 2014 proxy, bottom, that language is gone. REUTERS GRAPHIC DIFFERENT DRILL: On its corporate website, Continental deleted this 1974 entry on a timeline of the company’s history, top, which had touted Hamm’s personal role in striking oil in Oklahoma. REUTERS GRAPHIC CHANGE OF FOCUS: Continental altered a key 1985 timeline entry, top. The revised version, bottom, downplays Hamm’s role and adds a new claim that "Continental changes focus to oil" - three years before his marriage to Sue Ann Hamm. REUTERS GRAPHIC MOVING MOUNTAINS: Continental revised a key 1993 claim, top. The original, saying the firm expanded into the Rockies region, is deleted. A new entry (not shown) claims the company entered the lucrative Williston Basin in 1987 - a year before the marriage. REUTERS GRAPHIC SHARING CREDIT: Continental originally claimed sole bragging rights for the 1995 discovery of a major field near the Bakken formation, top. It has now revised that claim to a co-discovery, bottom. It also changes credit for a "1st" in precision horizontal drilling. REUTERS GRAPHIC NO LONGER FIRST: In one of several alterations related to technological innovations, Continental removed its claim, top, to be "1st" to complete a "1,280 long-lateral multi-stage frac in North Dakota." REUTERS GRAPHIC BACKTRACKING: Continental cut a claim, top, to be "1st" to “simul-frac” a well in an Oklahoma field. In the revised version, bottom, a second claim is watered down. It now merely notes Continental’s first horizontal well in the Three Forks region - not “the 1st.” REUTERS GRAPHIC

The reason: to shield Continental. Haralson ruled on the trial’s opening day, Aug. 4, that he did not want to “destroy” the company by allowing the public or media to hear discussion of Continental’s “confidential” business activities.

“We’ve got an entire trial being conducted in secret,” said Joey Senat, a communications law specialist and associate professor at Oklahoma State University’s School of Media and Strategic Communication. “Mr. Hamm is saying his divorce is a strictly personal matter, but apparently it’s not, because Continental says it will harm the company if the doors are opened. Meanwhile, on the website, Continental appears to be changing significant facts about itself.”

There are also personal reasons why Hamm may prefer to keep the proceedings private. In a filing dated March 7, 2013, Sue Ann Hamm alleged that Harold was “having an affair” that she discovered in 2010. In court testimony last month, Harold admitted to spending $150,000 on an “extra-marital pursuit.”

HIGH STAKES

At stake in the divorce is the $17 billion piece of Continental owned by Harold Hamm through his 68 percent holding in the company’s publicly traded shares. Legal experts interviewed for this article said the changes on the website appear to be part of Hamm’s strategy.

“Very simply, the company may be framing Mr. Hamm’s impact as less important than it had before.” Ilan Hirschfeld, head of the marital dissolution practice, Marcum LLP

The purpose, they say, is to persuade the judge that the surge in Continental’s share value has little to do with Harold’s deft management during his 26-year marriage to Sue Ann. Under Oklahoma law, if the growth of Continental was “passive” – that is, owing to market factors beyond Harold’s control rather than to his skill and effort – he won’t have to share those gains.

“The corporate website, along with public filings, are places we always look when a divorce case involves a business,” said Ilan Hirschfeld, head of the marital dissolution practice at accounting and advisory firm Marcum LLP. “Lawyers love to use the company’s own reports to prove their case that the growth in marital wealth has been active.”

“Very simply,” Hirschfeld said, “the company may be framing Mr. Hamm’s impact as less important than it had before.” Hirschfeld isn’t involved in the case.

Attorneys representing the Hamms are under court order not to discuss protected information in the case. They declined to comment.

Harold Hamm’s lawyers were given a big clue that Continental’s past accomplishments would be used by his wife’s team to demonstrate the central role the founder played in the company’s skyrocketing growth. That’s because parts of the unrevised version of the website – including its corporate “timeline”– were among the exhibits entered into evidence by Sue Ann Hamm’s lawyers before the trial began. Lists of exhibits are shared with both parties in a case.

“I’ve not tried to mislead anybody” Harold Hamm, Continental Resources founder and CEO

One corporate governance specialist said the website revisions raise questions about Continental’s board of directors, chaired by Hamm: Did the board previously allow the company to overstate its achievements? And is it now allowing Hamm to reshape Continental’s image to serve his personal legal goals – and marshalling company resources to do so? When questioned by an attorney for Sue Ann during open testimony on Aug. 6, for example, Harold said he had ordered his staff to revise Continental’s corporate timeline after he realized it contained inaccuracies.

“It puts the board in a very awkward position,” said the governance specialist, David Larcker, professor of accounting at Stanford University’s Graduate School of Business. “The question would be, ‘Would they have made those changes absent the personal situation of the CEO?’”

A member of Continental’s board, Edward T. Schafer, declined to discuss the changes, or whether the board knew about them. “Given the legal aspects of what you are talking about, I think I ought to leave that question to the company,” said Schafer, former governor of North Dakota. Another board member, former Oklahoma Gov. David Boren, referred questions to Continental’s general counsel.

Today, at 68 years old, Hamm is believed to own more oil underground than any other American. Continental’s assets include around 1 million acres of prime land leases in North Dakota and Montana, the location of the largest U.S. oil discovery in decades.

Attorneys following the Hamm divorce say a judgment could award 58-year-old Sue Ann Hamm, a former lawyer for Continental, around $3 billion.

REVISING HISTORY

Reuters could not determine exactly when Continental altered its website. The changes came sometime after March 29, 2014, the most recent day on which the Wayback Machine archived the site, and before Sept. 2, 2014, when Reuters began comparing the archive and the current site. Also unclear: Which version of Continental’s corporate history – revised or original – is more accurate.

In media interviews, in the company’s annual report and in other SEC filings, Continental has for years touted its pioneering role in developing the Bakken Shale formation. And it has highlighted the prescient moves of its founder, Harold Hamm, as central to its success.

Continental’s website does contain a disclaimer about its contents. Information is provided “as is, solely for convenience, and without warranty of any kind.” It may contain errors, and investors should not base decisions on it, the website cautions.

Guidelines published by the SEC say that corporate websites, though considered “informal disclosure,” should adhere to some of the same standards that apply to formal SEC filings. “The broad principles are that the disclosures have to be truthful and fair and cannot be selective,” said Jim Hamilton, principal analyst for federal securities regulation at Wolters Kluwer Law & Business in New York.

The Reuters analysis of archived Continental web pages shows a wide range of changes around the time that the CEO’s divorce trial began.

A timeline entry describing a 1995 milestone, for example, previously gave Continental sole credit for a momentous event: “Continental discovers” the Cedar Hills oil field – the first major gusher in North Dakota’s recent fracking boom, which led to the development of the now-legendary Bakken Shale, the web page previously read. The old entry added that Continental “is the 1st to develop Cedar Hills exclusively through precision horizontal drilling,” an oil-industry technological innovation.

Today, the timeline says Continental “co-discovers” the Cedar Hills field, and no longer takes credit for developing it first. Rather, the company now describes Cedar Hills passively, as “the 1st oil field in the U.S. to be developed exclusively through precision horizontal drilling.” (In his Aug. 6 testimony, Harold Hamm said he recalled that a competitor, Burlington Resources, had tapped into Cedar Hills several months before Continental did.)

Other changes backpedal on Continental’s claims that it was ahead of industry competitors in implementing breakthrough oil extraction technologies, a potentially crucial differentiator in the oil industry.

A 2007 entry used to say that Continental “is the 1st to complete a 1,280 long-lateral multi-stage frac in North Dakota.” The line referred to an important milestone in using hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, and horizontal drilling to extract oil from the Bakken. That claim no longer appears on the current website.

Two other entries, both for 2008, said Continental was the “first” to use specific fracking or horizontal drilling techniques in two separate oil fields. Those entries have been struck from the site.

On the witness stand last month, Harold Hamm said several claims on the company’s website timeline were wrong. He pinned part of the blame on Brian Engel, the former vice president of public affairs at Continental, who left in 2011.

Contacted for comment, Engel said he wasn’t aware of Hamm’s testimony. “I left Continental on good terms at the end of 2011 and have moved on,” Engel said. He declined to say whether Hamm reviewed the original items before they were posted.

Sue Ann Hamm’s attorney, Jon Hester, questioned Harold about items on the company website. Hamm testified that he only recently discovered that some were inaccurate. Continental produces a significant amount of public information, he explained, and Hamm said he doesn’t personally review all of it. “I’ve not tried to mislead anybody,” Hamm testified.

COMPANY’S INTERESTS

Continental is not named as a party in the Hamm divorce. The company nonetheless sought to keep the trial closed to the public. Continental’s general counsel, Eric Eissenstat, has been a fixture in the courtroom and has arranged depositions and met with witnesses who are testifying at the trial, according to court records and proceedings viewed by Reuters.

“It puts the board in a very awkward position. The question would be, ‘Would they have made those changes absent the personal situation of the CEO?’” David Larcker, corporate governance specialist, Stanford University’s Graduate School of Business

Continental still boasts in its SEC filings that it holds the largest acreage position of any oil company in the Bakken, a shale area that Hamm believes contains some 24 billion barrels of oil.

Investors may not care about Continental’s revisions to its corporate history, so long as it continues to produce profits, stock analysts say. The driller is ahead of schedule on its five-year plan to double oil production.

“I’m not sure it’s huge,” said Joseph Allman, oil and gas analyst at JPMorgan, which also provides investment banking services to Continental. The company should make sure it gets its public statements right, he said, but he added: “People don’t invest in Continental because it discovered the Bakken. They invest in Continental because of future cash flow generation.”

Fidelity – the largest outside holder of Continental shares, with a 6.2 percent holding as of June 30 – declined to comment on the oil company’s history changes. Six other institutional holders of Continental shares didn’t respond or declined to comment.

Wall Street has been kept largely in the dark about the divorce. Continental has not disclosed the case in the legal proceedings section of its SEC filings. The company first publicly acknowledged the divorce in response to questions from Reuters in March 2013.

Judge Haralson already has ruled that Harold’s shares in Continental are an asset that he owned prior to the marriage. As a result, only the increase in the value of those shares during the marriage is at issue in the trial. The ruling leaves around $17 billion in accrued share value at stake. At trial, Continental’s value in 1988, when the Hamms were married, was estimated at less than $50 million. The company’s market capitalization is now near $25 billion.

Haralson’s ruling may also pertain to key decisions that Harold or his company made before the 1988 marriage – decisions that subsequently made the company, and Hamm, billions.

One of those big decisions occurred when Continental shifted its exploration focus from natural gas to oil, a move that bucked a prevailing U.S. energy industry trend and proved incredibly lucrative.

In a news release dated January 24, 1992, Continental said that the shift to oil began in 1988, the year of the marriage. But in court testimony, Harold Hamm said that the news release was wrong and had been issued without his review.

Backing Hamm’s courtroom denial, Continental has updated its timeline. In a new website entry, Continental now says the company “changes focus to oil” in 1985 – three years before Harold and Sue Ann Hamm married.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: The reigning champion of Washington's annual burger eating contest defended her title on Monday (July 3) but fell short of her record, eating 21 burgers in 10 minutes. Last year, Molly Schuyler, a mother of four from California, managed to down 28 burgers in the same amount of time. In total, 14 competitive eaters vied for the $1,500 cash prize in Z-Burger's Annual Independence Burger Eating Championship. One contestant, a law student, said he didn't expect to win but enrolled for the free food. "I was hoping to do at least six, so I'm happy I got to seven, lucky number seven," said James Feeney. Dozens of people turned out to observe the spectacle, as well as to indulge in a free burger afterward.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says authorities should not dictate where financial firms are located once Britain leaves the European Union - but strong regulatory agreements will be needed.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May will hold a bilateral meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump at the G20 summit in Hamburg on Friday, a British government official said on Wednesday.

The official declined to comment on what issues May planned to raise with Trump.

(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)

~_~

Sinn Fein President, Gerry Adams, joins demonstrators participating in the ‘March For Marriage,’ demanding equal marriage legislation in Northern Ireland, in Belfast, Northern Ireland, July 1, 2017. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyn

WASHINGTON The United States on Wednesday urged Northern Ireland's two major political parties to reach an agreement for a power-sharing government, after talks broke down on Tuesday between Sinn Fein and the Democratic Unionist Party.

State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement that the "United States regrets that the political parties in Northern Ireland have not yet reached an agreement to establish a power-sharing regional government following elections in March."

She urged the DUP and Sinn Fein "to continue their discussions with the aim of forming an effective, responsive, and representative government as soon as possible."

(Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Peter Cooney)

~_~

LONDON It's lonely at the top for British Prime Minister Theresa May but she's holding on -- for now.

May faced calls to quit from inside and outside her ruling Conservative Party after losing its parliamentary majority in an ill-judged election that she did not need to call, plunging Britain into the worst political instability for decades.

She has struggled since then to unite her government on policy and to assemble a new team of aides -- one Conservative lawmaker described it as "career suicide" to agree to serve a leader whose days in office may be numbered.

But party sources say moves to oust May are now on hold after senior figures agreed she should be the one to at least make a start on two years of Brexit talks that are likely to stretch her government and possibly the public's patience, giving the world's fifth biggest economy some breathing space.

READ MORE: Labour calls on government to drop European court red line

If she fails to make headway or satisfy some of her more eurosceptic party members, then she can answer for it, the party sources said.

"She'll stay for as long as we want her to," one lawmaker told Reuters, on condition of anonymity. "Now is not that time."

Concerns over the reaction of Britons if asked to vote for the fourth time in just over two years, over losing Conservative seats and of having someone else take over the lead in talks with the European Union have calmed calls to replace May.

Even the most embittered lawmakers say a new leadership vote would simply deepen divisions in the party over Brexit and its austerity agenda, blamed by opposition politicians for a devastating fire in west London that killed at least 80 people and for straining a police service battling militant attacks.

May, 60, has said she will carry on, despite her pride being "shattered" by the election, said one veteran Conservative Party member who spoke on condition of anonymity.

READ MORE: Northern Ireland parties fail to strike power-sharing deal, talks to continue

"But I suspect her sense of duty is bigger than (predecessor David) Cameron's," the source said. "No one actually wants the job, well they do want the job but not now."

CLEARING UP THE "MESS"

May, Britain's longest serving interior minister in over a century with a reputation as a tough and diligent politician, became the country's second female premier after Margaret Thatcher when Cameron resigned after Britons voted for Brexit.

Her path then was cleared when two other hopefuls -- her now foreign minister Boris Johnson and environment minister Michael Gove - all but killed off each others' bids and she appealed to members with her straight-talking can-do attitude.

But her boast that she could never be found "drinking in parliament's bars" may come to haunt her - having not been part of one of the Conservative cliques, she is very much alone as others in the party plot their routes to power.

The veteran source said her pledge to clear up "the mess" she created by staging the June 8 election had softened many Conservatives, who have traditionally punished leaders over any sign of weakness.

They are also driven by self-preservation. The election revealed the shortcomings of Conservative Campaign Headquarters and some Conservatives say it is time to take stock and restructure before the next election after Jeremy Corbyn's opposition Labour Party leapt in opinion polls.

"We need to get campaigning again properly, get the message out," the lawmaker said.

"We have spent years mopping up the mess left by Labour and now we are opening the door to Corbyn. The country will go bankrupt if he gets in and it'll take us 20 years to get back."

MAY IN RETREAT

May has promised to promote reform in the party, but forced to accept the resignations of her two closest aides and a steady departure of senior members of her Downing Street office team, her control is draining away.

Appointed shortly after Britain voted to leave the European Union, May ran a tight ship for months - giving little away, she tried to limit leaks by keeping some of her more publicity hungry ministers in check and sticking to the party line.

Now, they have been let off the leash.

Differences over Brexit strategy and a pay cap on public sector workers are aired almost daily while the prime minister's projects to bring in more selective schools and give lawmakers a vote on lifting a ban on fox hunting have been dropped.

May, it seems, has retreated.

"Before she could say you're not going on TV ... But now she can't crack the whip like a prime minister normally does," the veteran Conservative said.

She has reverted to type, the source said, of the "quiet girl in class who just got on with her homework", allowing her ministers such as Chancellor Phillip Hammond to take some of the limelight and a more commanding role.

For now, despite differences, her team of senior ministers is at least pulling in the same broad direction, towards a clean break with the European Union that sees Britain out of the bloc's single market to prioritise controlling immigration.

"It's a bit like a rowing boat, where everyone is pulling at different speeds, but not hard enough to topple it over," the veteran Conservative said.

"It's loud and it's messy, but it's actually democracy."

(Editing by Peter Millership)

~_~

May faced calls to quit from inside and outside her ruling Conservative Party after losing its parliamentary majority in an ill-judged election that she did not need to call.

~_~

LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she was confident the London hospital caring for a critically ill baby would consider any offers of help after his case attracted the attention of U.S. President Donald Trump and the pope.

The case of 10-month-old Charlie Gard, who has a form of mitochondrial disease – a rare genetic condition that causes progressive muscle weakness and brain damage - has gained global interest after his parents lost a long legal battle to give him experimental therapy in the United States.

Trump tweeted an offer of help on Monday, a day after Pope Francis offered prayers for Gard and his family. The Vatican-owned paediatric hospital in Rome has also said it is ready to offered to take over the care of the baby.

"I am confident that Great Ormond Street hospital have and always will consider any offers or new information that has come forward with consideration of the well-being of a desperately ill child," May told parliament.

Gard's parents wanted him to undergo a U.S. therapy trial but specialists at the London hospital where he is being cared for said the treatment was experimental and would not help.

Britain's Supreme Court ruled last month that going to the United States for treatment would prolong the baby's suffering without any realistic prospect of helping him.

"Thoughts of all members of the house are with the family and Charlie at this exceptionally difficult time. It's an unimaginable position for anybody to be in," May said.

(Reporting by Sarah Mills; editing by John Stonestreet)

~_~

Finance firms need freedom to choose location after Brexit LONDON Finance firms should not be forced by regulators to change location after Britain leaves the European Union in 2019, Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority told a Reuters Newsmaker event on Thursday. |

Police says other people potentially involved in Manchester arena attack - Sky LONDON British police believe that other people could have been involved in a suicide bomb attack in Manchester that killed 22 people at a pop concert in May, and further arrests could be made, Sky News reported on Thursday, citing local police.

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

Boris wants to tweet like Trump EDINBURGH Donald Trump's approach to politics "has gripped the imagination of people around the world", British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Thursday, joking that he would like to be allowed to tweet as much as the U.S. president.

Britain sends in task force to help run council after tower block fire LONDON Britain said on Wednesday it was sending in a task force to help run the local authority struggling to cope with the aftermath of a London tower block blaze which killed at least 80 people.

May to hold bilateral meeting with Trump at G20 - official LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May will hold a bilateral meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump at the G20 summit in Hamburg on Friday, a British government official said on Wednesday.

U.S. urges power-sharing deal in Northern Ireland WASHINGTON The United States on Wednesday urged Northern Ireland's two major political parties to reach an agreement for a power-sharing government, after talks broke down on Tuesday between Sinn Fein and the Democratic Unionist Party.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Primark owner ABF leads FTSE, Reckitt Benckiser feels cyber attack pain

LONDON, July 6 Attention focused on earnings on Thursday, with a 5 percent rise in AB Foods leading a steady FTSE 100 index which was supported by the retail and housebuilding sectors.

~_~

U.S. cars a tough sell in South Korea even as Trump targets trade deal

SEOUL U.S. auto imports from the likes of General Motors and Ford Motor must become more chic, affordable or fuel-efficient to reap the rewards of President Donald Trump's attempts to renegotiate a trade deal with key ally South Korea, officials and industry experts in Seoul say.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Primark owner ABF leads FTSE, Reckitt Benckiser feels cyber attack pain

LONDON, July 6 Attention focused on earnings on Thursday, with a 5 percent rise in AB Foods leading a steady FTSE 100 index which was supported by the retail and housebuilding sectors.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Primark owner ABF leads FTSE, Reckitt Benckiser feels cyber attack pain

LONDON, July 6 Attention focused on earnings on Thursday, with a 5 percent rise in AB Foods leading a steady FTSE 100 index which was supported by the retail and housebuilding sectors.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Primark owner ABF leads FTSE, Reckitt Benckiser feels cyber attack pain

LONDON, July 6 Attention focused on earnings on Thursday, with a 5 percent rise in AB Foods leading a steady FTSE 100 index which was supported by the retail and housebuilding sectors.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

EMERGING MARKETS-Emerging currencies pressured by Fed, rand scare

LONDON, July 6 Emerging currencies stayed on the back foot on Thursday after the previous day's slides, with South Africa's rand holding near seven-week lows due to a scare caused by proposals to nationalise the central bank and expropriate land.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

EMERGING MARKETS-Emerging currencies pressured by Fed, rand scare

LONDON, July 6 Emerging currencies stayed on the back foot on Thursday after the previous day's slides, with South Africa's rand holding near seven-week lows due to a scare caused by proposals to nationalise the central bank and expropriate land.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~



~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Primark owner ABF leads FTSE, Reckitt Benckiser feels cyber attack pain

LONDON, July 6 Attention focused on earnings on Thursday, with a 5 percent rise in AB Foods leading a steady FTSE 100 index which was supported by the retail and housebuilding sectors.

~_~

Primark owner ABF leads FTSE, Reckitt Benckiser feels cyber attack pain

LONDON, July 6 Attention focused on earnings on Thursday, with a 5 percent rise in AB Foods leading a steady FTSE 100 index which was supported by the retail and housebuilding sectors.

~_~

Qatar signals LNG price war for market share in Asia

SINGAPORE Qatar's plan to boost liquefied natural gas (LNG) output by 30 percent is the opening shot in a price war for customers in Asia pitting the Gulf state against competitors from the United States, Russia and Australia.

~_~

Global equity listings up by a third, but below previous peaks

LONDON Global equity listings rose sharply in the first half of the year, compared with a year earlier, driven by the U.S. market as well as rights issues in Europe, Thomson Reuters data showed, but remained way off 2015's surge.

~_~

Qatar signals LNG price war for market share in Asia

SINGAPORE Qatar's plan to boost liquefied natural gas (LNG) output by 30 percent is the opening shot in a price war for customers in Asia pitting the Gulf state against competitors from the United States, Russia and Australia.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

LONDON Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Britain's finance industry faces 'tipping point' over Brexit

LONDON Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Private not state hackers likely to have targeted UK parliament - sources

LONDON A cyber attack on email accounts of British lawmakers last month is likely to have been by amateur or private hackers rather than state-sponsored, European government sources said.

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Young Chinese find leisure, friends in Tencent fantasy rampage

BEIJING/HONG KONG What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Japan's Osaka prepared 'whole life' for Venus clash

LONDON Japanese teenager Naomi Osaka is humbled to be facing Venus Williams at Wimbledon, even if it was the American's younger sister she wanted to emulate when she was growing up.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Planet of the Apes stars talk of trilogy's simian showdown

LONDON The final film in the rebooted "Planet of the Apes" series will hit cinemas next week, promising an action-packed conclusion to a trilogy that has garnered both critical acclaim and box office receipts.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

Canada's Yukon seeks 'backups' after toe used in cocktail stolen

The theft of a famed cocktail ingredient, a mummified human toe, has spurred the northern Canadian territory of Yukon to launch a tongue-in-cheek campaign for an "insurance" toe, in case the digit gets stolen again.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

This is what's left standing in the Japanese city of Asakura, after torrential rains blasting the area on Thursday (July 6) took a tragic turn. One person has been discovered dead, buried in a landslide and at least a dozen people are missing, including a child. Residents telling horror stories of family members being swept away by the waters, or trees tearing through walls of their residences. Flooding rivers have forced about 400 thousand people from their homes, with landslides reported in several areas. The government rushing to send aid, with over 75 hundred rescuers mobilized to help with evacuations. That includes police, firefighters and soldiers. 50 helicopters are also on standby and officials warn the storm isn't over. "There is still chance of more torrential rain. I urge everyone in Japan to pay attention to weather information updates from radio and television broadcasts," said Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary. Local media reports say the area saw about 770 millimeters of rain on Wednesday (July 5), more than double the amount it usually sees.

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says authorities should not dictate where financial firms are located once Britain leaves the European Union - but strong regulatory agreements will be needed.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

UPSOT "Eyes top left, eyes top right." Checking your identity using simulated human cognition aiThenticate say their system goes way beyond conventional facial recognition systems or the biometrics of passwords, fingerprints and eyescans AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "We need to have a much greater level of a certainty who somebody actually is. In order to answer that question, we appealed to deep science, deep learning, to develop an AI method, artificial intelligence method, in other words to replicate or to mimic or to simulate the way that we as humans, intuitively and instinctively go by recognizing somebody's head, is very different to the conventional traditional way of face recognition, finger print recognition, for that reason really represents the next generation of authentication technologies or methods." aiDX uses 16 distinct tests to recognise someone - including eye prints - using a standard off the shelf smart phone to access encrypted data stored in the cloud it can operate in active mode - asking the user taking a simple selfie or discreetly in the background AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "It has applications in the security sense, it has applications in a customer services sense, you know this kind of things the bank calls you up and says: this is your bank calling, please, where you live, what is your mother's name, what's your dog favourite hobby, whatever the case it may be. It takes that kind of guess work out of the equation completely and it answers the, "who" question to much greater levels of confidence or certainty, than what traditional or conventional biometrics have been able to do in the past." UPSOT "Halt" "My name's Ben Affleck" Let me confirm that....The system has confirmed that you are somebody else." Billions of dollars a year are lost to identity theft globally. aiThenticate hope their new system can help stop at least some of that illegal trade

~_~

UPSOT "Eyes top left, eyes top right." Checking your identity using simulated human cognition aiThenticate say their system goes way beyond conventional facial recognition systems or the biometrics of passwords, fingerprints and eyescans AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "We need to have a much greater level of a certainty who somebody actually is. In order to answer that question, we appealed to deep science, deep learning, to develop an AI method, artificial intelligence method, in other words to replicate or to mimic or to simulate the way that we as humans, intuitively and instinctively go by recognizing somebody's head, is very different to the conventional traditional way of face recognition, finger print recognition, for that reason really represents the next generation of authentication technologies or methods." aiDX uses 16 distinct tests to recognise someone - including eye prints - using a standard off the shelf smart phone to access encrypted data stored in the cloud it can operate in active mode - asking the user taking a simple selfie or discreetly in the background AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "It has applications in the security sense, it has applications in a customer services sense, you know this kind of things the bank calls you up and says: this is your bank calling, please, where you live, what is your mother's name, what's your dog favourite hobby, whatever the case it may be. It takes that kind of guess work out of the equation completely and it answers the, "who" question to much greater levels of confidence or certainty, than what traditional or conventional biometrics have been able to do in the past." UPSOT "Halt" "My name's Ben Affleck" Let me confirm that....The system has confirmed that you are somebody else." Billions of dollars a year are lost to identity theft globally. aiThenticate hope their new system can help stop at least some of that illegal trade

~_~

Annette Bening has been announced as the president of the International Competition Jury at the 74th Venice International Film Festival. The announcement was made by the board of directors of the annual Italian film festival. The actress, who is married to actor Warren Beatty, is known for movies such as "American Beauty", "Being Julia" and "The Kids Are All Right". In a statement, the four-time Academy Award nominee says: "I'm honored to be asked to serve as the president of the jury for this year's Venice Film Festival. I look forward to seeing the movies, and working with my fellow jury members to celebrate the best of this year's cinema from all over the world." The film festival will run from August 30 to September 9.

~_~

She died some 1,700 years ago, and is believed to have ruled over a desert valley in ancient Peru. But a glimpse of the former priestess, the Lady of Cao, can now be seen in a replica of her face. Using modern technology, the replica was based on the Lady of Cao's skull structure and took 10 months to create. Culture Minister Salvador del Solar said the project's goal is to bring the world closer to one of Peru's best archaeological finds and remind Peruvians of their rich cultural heritage. SOUNDBITE: Salvador del Solar, Peru's culture minister, saying (English): "Today I want to share all the enthusiasm and pride with the people who have reconstructed the image of the Lady of Cao. We can now show the world her face, a face that Peruvians see ourselves in." The discovery of the Lady of Cao's mummified remains in 2005 shattered the belief that the ancient Moche society was patriarchal. Several Moche female mummies have been found since in graves with objects denoting a high political and religious standing. The Lady of Cao is a reminder of the complex societies that thrived in what is now Peru, long before the Inca empire dominated the Andes or Europeans arrived in the Americas.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump met with Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6), where the White House said he would showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in a speech and in meetings with a group of nations closest to Russia. Trump is making the whistle-stop trip to the Polish capital en route for a G20 summit in neighbouring Germany beginning on Friday (July 7). Aside from shoring up the U.S. relationship with NATO allies, the speech is symbolically significant given Poland's proximity to Russia and regional fears about Moscow's ambitions following its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. Poland hopes to woo Trump with new investment opportunities in eastern Europe.

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

May faced calls to quit from inside and outside her ruling Conservative Party after losing its parliamentary majority in an ill-judged election that she did not need to call.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Russia's Vladimir Putin and China's Xi Jinping are calling on the U.S. to sign up to a de-escalation plan for the Korean peninsula ahead of the G20 summit later this week. Rough cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Russia and China joined diplomatic forces on Tuesday (July 4) and called on North Korea, South Korea and the United States to sign up to a Chinese de-escalation plan designed to defuse tensions over Pyongyang's missile programme. The plan would see North Korea suspend its ballistic missile programme and the United States and South Korea simultaneously call a moratorium on large-scale missile exercises, both moves aimed at paving the way for multilateral talks. The initiative was set out in a joint statement from the Russian and Chinese foreign ministries issued shortly after Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping held wide-ranging talks in the Kremlin. Russia and China both share a land border with North Korea and have been involved in past efforts to try to calm tensions between Pyongyang and the West.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

An intense ultimatum in the Middle East put on ice, for now. A Saudi-led coalition extending Qatar's Sunday deadline to accept a list of demands or get hit by additional sanctions. They've accused Doha of supporting terrorism and allying with regional rival Iran, charges that Qatar denies. The 48-hour extension was requested by Kuwait, it's been been acting as a mediator between the two sides. Saudi Arabia and its allies first issued the demands last month after severing diplomatic ties with Qatar. Doha fired back over the weekend, saying the ultimatum isn't meant to tackle terrorism but to challenge its national sovereignty. "This list of demands, made to be rejected. It's not made to be accepted or not made to be negotiated. The state of Qatar instead of rejecting it as a principle, we are willing to engage in, providing the proper condition for further dialogue," said Qatar Foreign Minister, Sheikh Mohammed Bin Abdulrahman Al-Thani. The list includes downgrading ties with Iran, closing a Turkish air base, and even shutting down the Al Jazeera satellite channel. The Arab coalition says the demands are not up for negotiation. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met with the Qatari foreign minister last week, and has called for both sides in the dispute to exercise restraint. Top officials from Saudi Arabia and its allies will meet in Cairo on Wednesday to follow up on their demands.

~_~

Summits of world leaders are usually highly choreographed affairs that leave little to chance. They are held in locations that are easily shielded from demonstrators. And policy differences are papered over by envoys behind closed doors well ahead of time. But the G20 meeting in Hamburg next week will be different. Reuters' Noah Barkin reports.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

The tide may be turning ... But in a week of policy surprises from central bankers, not all have been bad. At least if you're a Brit heading abroad. The pound is up against foreign currencies - on new expectations of a UK rate hike. More power to spend on sea, sun and cerveza. When you might feel like a drink anyway - as the Bank of England moves to restrict lending. (SOUNDBITE) (ENGLISH) BANK OF ENGLAND GOVERNOR, MARK CARNEY, SAYING: "Consumer credit growth has far outpaced that of household income over the past year, with notable increases across credit cards, personal loans and auto finance ..." The latest BoE data shows consumer borrowing up ten per cent over the year. Mortgage approvals also beating forecasts. In contrast to consumer confidence ... Amid slowing retail sales, a near three per cent inflation rate and stagnant wages, its latest measure shows a 10-month low. (SOUNDBITE) (English) BGC PARTNERS MARKET STRATEGIST, MIKE INGRAM, SAYING: "I wouldn't necessarily take the consumer credit figures as a positive sign. I mean we are in a situation where real incomes in the UK are undoubtedly being squeezed. And much of the the consumption therefore is being funded essentially by borrowing." But the BoE has this week already announced banks will have to shore up capital positions. In what economists see as a de facto monetary tightening. Mark Carney's apparently sudden about-face this month leaving confusion - even anger. (SOUNDBITE) (English) BGC PARTNERS MARKET STRATEGIST, MIKE INGRAM, SAYING: "Forward guidance from the Bank of England has been a complete farce. You don't know from one minute to the next whether they are hawkish, doveish, you don't necessarily know which numbers they're actually focussing on. They switch the goalposts whenever it suits them." Those who see a plan point to upward pressure on the pound - putting downward pressure - potentially - on consumer prices. And the prospect of cheaper times ahead for Brexit Britain. Not just for those seeking to get away from it.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Peer at the instrument panel on your new car and you may find sleek digital gauges and multicolored screens. But a glimpse behind the dashboard could reveal what U.S. auto supplier Visteon found: a mess.

~_~

Paintballing masters compete in England as art of the Campaign Cup - which has come a long way from its humble origins

~_~

A new offer to work with Russia on the Syria crisis on Wednesday (July 6). U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson saying Washington is open to enforcing no-fly zones in the war-torn country in coordination with Moscow. Joint efforts may also include on-the-ground truce monitors and delivery of humanitarian aid to Syrians. All of those, likely talking points on Friday at an expected meeting between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the G20 in Germany. Tillerson spoke to reporters before taking off for the summit. "I think the important aspect of this is that this is where we've begun an effort to begin to rebuild confidence between ourselves and Russia at the military-to-military level but also at the diplomatic level," said Tillerson. Tillerson didn't bring up the future of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who the U.S. largely blames for six years of civil war, calling for him to step down. Russia is Assad's major ally. Tillerson did say Moscow has an obligation to prevent the use of chemical weapons in Syria. Washington hit a Syrian air base with a missile strike in April after it accused Assad's government of killing dozens in a chemical attack.

~_~

A new offer to work with Russia on the Syria crisis on Wednesday (July 6). U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson saying Washington is open to enforcing no-fly zones in the war-torn country in coordination with Moscow. Joint efforts may also include on-the-ground truce monitors and delivery of humanitarian aid to Syrians. All of those, likely talking points on Friday at an expected meeting between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the G20 in Germany. Tillerson spoke to reporters before taking off for the summit. "I think the important aspect of this is that this is where we've begun an effort to begin to rebuild confidence between ourselves and Russia at the military-to-military level but also at the diplomatic level," said Tillerson. Tillerson didn't bring up the future of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who the U.S. largely blames for six years of civil war, calling for him to step down. Russia is Assad's major ally. Tillerson did say Moscow has an obligation to prevent the use of chemical weapons in Syria. Washington hit a Syrian air base with a missile strike in April after it accused Assad's government of killing dozens in a chemical attack.

~_~

President Rodrigo Duterte was preparing to make a deal with Islamic State-inspired militants in the days after they laid siege to a southern city, but as Reuters Martin Petty reports from the south, the Philippines' leader aborted the plan without explanation.

~_~

U.S. President Donald Trump took aim at what he calls America's "fake news" at a press conference with the Polish Prime Minister in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6). On Sunday (July 2) Trump tweeted a mock video of himself tackling and repeatedly striking a man with a CNN logo super-imposed in place of his head, followed by a logo saying "Fraud News Network". The president has repeatedly made known his disdain for the media, calling it "the enemy of the American people". On Thursday he said CNN has been covering him in a very dishonest way for a long time and slammed NBC for being just as bad - despite the fact that Trump "made them a fortune with The Apprentice". He said he wants to see "honest, beautiful, free, fair press".

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday (July 6) to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May. He also said Washington was thinking about "severe things" in response to North Korea's test-launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile with the potential to reach Alaska. The White House had said Trump would use the stopover in Warsaw to showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which he once called "obsolete", bemoaning allies' repeated failure to spend the recommended 2 percent of GDP on defence.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. A fire at a luxury sports car dealership in Hamburg, site of the G20 summit, was most likely arson, the German city's fire department said on Thursday (July 6). Twelve Porsche cars were destroyed by fire in the early hours of the morning, according to local media and the fire department. Chancellor Angela Merkel is expected to welcome U.S. President Donald Trump later on Thursday before the meeting of the world's 20 most powerful nations begins a day later. Brazil and Saudi Arabia have cancelled their participation.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump met with Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6), where the White House said he would showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in a speech and in meetings with a group of nations closest to Russia. Trump is making the whistle-stop trip to the Polish capital en route for a G20 summit in neighbouring Germany beginning on Friday (July 7). Aside from shoring up the U.S. relationship with NATO allies, the speech is symbolically significant given Poland's proximity to Russia and regional fears about Moscow's ambitions following its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. Poland hopes to woo Trump with new investment opportunities in eastern Europe.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: Pipe-wielding government supporters burst into Venezuela's opposition-controlled congress on Wednesday (July 05), witnesses said, attacking lawmakers and journalists in the latest flare-up of violence during a political crisis. By mid-afternoon, a crowd of roughly 100 people was still besieging the building, trapping people inside. Some of the those outside brandished pistols and some shouted they would cut water and power supplies, witnesses said. The crowd gathered from early outside the National Assembly building in downtown Caracas, chanting in favour of President Nicolas Maduro. By late morning, several dozen people ran past the gates with rudimentary weapons and went on the attack. Video from social media shot from inside the National Assembly shows the pipe-wielding pro-government supporters beating and chasing lawmakers as well as National Assembly employees. They injured at least three opposition lawmakers who stumbled bloodied and dazed around the assembly's corridors, witnesses said. Some journalists also were robbed. The worst-hurt lawmaker, Federico De Grazia, was hit on the head, fell unconscious, and was eventually taken by stretcher to an ambulance. His family later said he was out of critical condition and being stitched up.

~_~

Under the motto ''Lieber tanz ich als G20'', meaning ''I prefer to dance than G20'' in German, protesters walked and danced through Hamburg to express their opposition to the summit. One protester said it bothered him that ''money rules everything.'' Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: Anti-G20 protesters danced through the streets of Hamburg on Wednesday (July 5) ahead of the summit of the twenty leading economies being held there on July 7-8. Under the motto "Lieber tanz ich als G20", meaning "I prefer to dance than G20" in German, protesters walked and danced through the port city to express their opposition to the summit, seen by the protest groups as a summit centred around exploitation of people and global resources. Police said around 7,500 people took part in the protest, while organisers put the figure at 18,000. Protesters have expressed concerns that they will not be allowed to demonstrate on Thursday (July 6) and Friday (July 7), while German police already used water cannon to disperse around 500 anti-capitalist protesters overnight on Tuesday (July 4).

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to rub elbows with central European, Baltic, and Balkan states in Warsaw before the G20 may feel like a diplomatic coup for Poland's right-wing government. But western European nations worry it will encourage defiance towards Brussels.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Everyone loves a bargain - especially when Brexit pushes up the pound. And, seemingly, pushes down the UK economy. The latest PMI completes an unhappy trio this week of manufacturing, construction and now services. All coming in below forecasts. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "The evidence is that the consumer is slowing down very rapidly. What we're not yet seeing is a sufficient uptick in business investment and trade to offset that." At a four-month low of 53.4 in June for services, it still points to expansion. But the forward-looking expectations index was weaker than it's been since just after last June's Brexit vote. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "The honeymoon period that we enjoyed post referendum has really come off the boil ... And ahead of the Brexit negotiations that's a real problem because we now face two years at least of difficult conditions for the U.K. economy." There are bargains in the euro zone - but perhaps less of a rush for them. New data for May shows retail sales up 2.6 per cent on the year. That's higher than forecast. As is the euro zone's composite PMI for services and manufacturing. At 56.3 for June, it's still close to a six-year high. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "The interesting thing about the numbers is quite how broad based they are. We're seeing recoveries really right the way across the euro zone and across different sectors but particularly the service sector which of course is so important." After recent hints from Mario Draghi, economists see the ECB edging closer to tightening its ultra-loose stimulus programme. That's showing no signs of spoiling the sentiment just yet .... New business is strong - and survey compilers IHS tip a healthy 0.7 per cent upswing in growth this quarter. That too above previous forecasts.

~_~

They arrived at a London court one by one. Four former Barclays executives. Charged with conspiracy to commit fraud and providing unlawful financial assistance. SOUNDBITE (English) CITY INDEX MARKET ANALYST, KEN ODELUGA, SAYING: "It's highly significant, there's no doubt about that whatsoever. It's the first criminal charges against any senior executives in the U.K. related to the financial crisis. " John Varley, Roger Jenkins, Tom Kalaris and Richard Boath.. Are alleged to have committed the crimes during the 2008 global financial crisis... When Barclays made undisclosed payments to Qatar... As part of a 12 billion pound emergency fundraiser... SOUNDBITE (English) CITY INDEX MARKET ANALYST, KEN ODELUGA, SAYING: "You can't have one deal is in public in a number of other deals which are in private. That's completely against the principle of that sort of United Kingdom law and financial law which we all take great pride in having." It's taken five years of investigation to get to this point. Britain's SFO trying to uncover why Barclays didn't go the same way as other British banks which required major government bailouts. More may become clear in the court room now, the four are appearing for a second hearing later this month.

~_~

There have been simmering tensions since an internal merger at Airbus And its latest shake-up could lead to more turbulence. The globe-trotting sales team, best known for contesting leadership of the market with Boeing, is to report directly to Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders. And bypassing commercial aircraft president Fabrice Bregier. How responsibility is divided inside the company could prove challenging. Particularly after recent industrial and regulatory problems. And the shake-up comes fresh off the back of last week's Paris Airshow where Airbus lost on orders to Boeing. (SOUNDBITE) (English) BGC PARTNERS MARKET STRATEGIST, MIKE INGRAM, SAYING: "It's quite possible the reshuffle is a function of the relatively poor showing of Airbus in terms of its order book this year. I mean if you look at the numbers Airbus at the moment is something like 40 planes shy of where Boeing's tally comes in." Bregier and Enders have long been rivals but had reached what was widely seen as a peace deal over the internal merger. Bregier stepped aside from his role as chief executive of the Airbus civil business when Airbus combined with Airbus Group. But he remained in charge of the planemaking business. Some say the decision to shift sales from his direct control raises uncertainty over the stability of the management deal.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

A tower of human skulls unearthed beneath the heart of Mexico City has raised new questions about the culture of sacrifice in the Aztec Empire after crania of women and children surfaced among the hundreds embedded in the forbidding structure.

~_~

(ROUGH CUT - NO REPORTER NARRATION) A South Korean barista is gaining popularity online with his recreations of famous paintings like 'The Starry Night' in coffee. Lee Kang-bin's passion started at the age of 17 when he first learned how to make coffee. Three years later, he made it for his fellow troops during his military service at a camp near the border with North Korea. He started making coffee art, or 'cream art coffee' as it is referred to on social media, after leaving the military at the age of 21. Two years later, he opened his own cafe, Cafe C. Through, in central Seoul. Lee now has over 160, 000 followers on Instagram. He teaches baristas around the world how to produce coffee art, and has also started classes for enthusiasts in Seoul. Each cup of art costs 10,000 won ($8.72), slightly more expensive than a regular latte found in other cafes in the South Korean capital.

~_~

Fifty-two-year-old researcher Johann Westhauser became trapped in Germany's deepest cave after being hit by a falling rock on June 8. He was nearly three-quarters of a mile underground. Now, Westhauser is back on the surface, following what rescue crews call an historic rescue. Experts had called it impossible. (SOUNDBITE) (German) CAVE RESCUE OFFICER-IN-CHARGE, KLEMENS REINDL, SAYING: "At 11.44 am (local time, 09.44 GMT) our patient saw the light of day again. After eleven days, ten hours and 14 minutes, all in all more than 274 hours. It was an operation of a dimension we never had before and that made it necessary to get help from colleagues, from specialists from neighboring countries." Interior video of the rescue operation showed the man being hoisted up on a stretcher. It's a trek that normally takes 12 hours. But the injured man could not stand, making the steep, narrow ascent a challenge. He was taken to an emergency hospital in a southern German town.

~_~

A new design for a building that dates back to the 1800's. Its now one of the largest exhibition spaces in London. The Victoria and Albert museum, or the V&A as its also known, has undergone a seventy million dollar upgrade. (SOUNDBITE) (English) DIRECTOR, VICTORIA AND ALBERT MUSEUM, TRISTRAM HUNT, SAYING: "Where we are standing was almost an old junkyard full of technical services and boiler rooms and what we've done then is create this living room for london which blends the street and the museum..." Called the 'Exhibition Road Quarter' it includes the Sackler Courtyard, Blavatnik Hall and the 1,100 square metre Sainsbury Gallery. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PRINCIPAL ARCHITECT, AL_A, AMANDA LEVETE, SAYING: "The big event of this project is the vast gallery space which is 18 metres below ground and therefore we have to descend deep underground to get that space and we wanted to make sure that that was a dramatic experience but that you also felt very comfortable." Architect Amanda Levete says there was pressure to preserve the V&A and still create something new. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PRINCIPAL ARCHITECT, AL_A, AMANDA LEVETE, SAYING: "...So while I felt the responsibility of history I also felt it was our responsibility to do something that was radical and contemporary and find a way of being both sensitive to history but very clear about the power of modernity." To celebrate the opening the V&A museum is putting on a free festival called 'REVEAL' from Friday 30 June to 7 July (2017).

~_~

In the face of rising inflation, there were fears shoppers would desert supermarkets like Tesco. but at Britain's largest retailer, the baskets are not just full, they're multiplying. Like for like sales are up 2.3 percent in the last quarter, delivering the company's fastest UK sales growth in 7 years. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PANMURE GORDON CHIEF ECONOMIST, SIMON FRENCH, SAYING: "What you're actually seeing is Tesco managing to play hardball with its supply base. It's been able to insulate its customers from big increases in food prices as a result of the weakness in the pound. And customers are rewarded them by going back in large numbers." Compared to this time last year, 10 million more people are passing through Tesco's doors. Last year's so-called 'Marmitegate' is being seen as the turning point When the company refused to pass on a price hike from Unilever in the wake of Brexit. Tesco says it's been working with other suppliers too to keep price hikes to a minimum. And until now, has been able to fall back on its huge purchasing scale. It accounts for nearly a third of the market. But with Brexit negotiations about to begin, there are doubts over how long that strategy can continue. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PANMURE GORDON CHIEF ECONOMIST, SIMON FRENCH, SAYING: "You have to look at how much the sterling risk evolves during Brexit negotiations and how hedged and how responsive the supply base can be for Tesco." It also has to contend with a resurgence of the German discounters. The likes of Lidl and Aldi have just recorded their fastest sales growth in two years Perhaps no wonder then Tesco's share price is down 13 percent since the start of the year.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

VIDEO SHOWS: ENGLAND CAPTAIN JOE ROOT TALKING AHEAD OF FIRST TEST OF SERIES, ENGLAND TRAINING SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 5, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. PHOTOGRAPHERS, PAN AROUND TO JOE ROOT AND DEAN ELGAR 2. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I am very excited we have had two brilliant days preparation here and I am just really looking forward to getting out there now." REPORTER ASKING IF ROOT IS APPROACHING THINGS DIFFERENTLY: "Yeah naturally there is a few other things that come across your mind. But I have really enjoyed the past few days and I just want to get out there now and I want to start the week off and get on the field." 3. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 4. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I thought the way he bowled in India and the way he has performed throughout this season has been brilliant and he will obviously bring us a lot of control and a little bit of depth in terms of batting as well." 5. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 6. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "He has had his success in an England shirt when he has batted at three. His game is in good order and he has played really well throughout this season and he does look a different player to the last time he represented England. I know the sort of person he is and I am sure he is determined to show everyone that he is capable to perform well at this level." 7. ELGAR AND ROOT STORY: England have selected Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson to play in his first test match on home soil when the series against South Africa starts at Lord's on Thursday (July 6), said new captain Joe Root. The 27-year-old all-rounder made his England debut against India in Chennai last December and joins Worcestershire's Moeen Ali in an England team which will feature two spinners in a Lord's Test for the first time since 1993. Middlesex seamer Toby Roland-Jones is the player left out of the 12-man squad to accommodate Dawson, a right-handed batsman and left-arm spinner. The four-match series starts at Lord's on Thursday before the teams meet at Trent Bridge, The Oval and Old Trafford, and South Africa will also have a new man at the helm as regular skipper Faf du Plessis misses the game after his wife gave birth. Opener Dean Elgar will take his place for the first test with Du Plessis expected to return to lead the side at Trent Bridge on July 14.

~_~

You can't keep a good robot down. HyQ2Max is a tough and powerful quadruped designed to get back on its feet when knocked over. It was built by roboticists from the Italian Institute of Technology. Four-legged, animal-like robots, they say, can cope better with hazardous environments than typical wheeled or tracked vehicles. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CLAUDIO SEMINI, HEAD OF DYNAMIC LEGGED SYSTEMS LAB IN THE ADVANCED ROBOTICS DEPARTMENT, ITALIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (IIT), SAYING: "Much like a cat or a goat that is very agile on rough terrain, this robot can in the future help in very unstructured environments, for example after an earthquake, after a tsunami or after a house has collapsed for other reasons; these kind of robots can be applied in an environment where the terrain is difficult and where you don't want to send people." And HyQ2Max could be just the robot. With large joint ranges and high joint torque, it can right itself in seconds (SOUNDBITE) (English) CLAUDIO SEMINI, HEAD OF DYNAMIC LEGGED SYSTEMS LAB IN THE ADVANCED ROBOTICS DEPARTMENT, ITALIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (IIT), SAYING: "So we want to put the robot down on the ground and see how it gets back up on its feet. So this can happen in reality when the robot, for example, slips or is somehow falling down for whatever reason; the robot needs to be able to get up again." Its torso is made from aerospace-grade aluminium alloy, with lightweight fibreglass and Kevlar covers protecting the onboard electronics. As well as search and rescue missions, HyQ2Max could have industrial uses. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CLAUDIO SEMINI, HEAD OF DYNAMIC LEGGED SYSTEMS LAB IN THE ADVANCED ROBOTICS DEPARTMENT, ITALIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY (IIT), SAYING: "There's a lot of markets that have a bigger potential. Other markets are, for example; construction, or the forestry industry, but there's also maintenance, remote inspection - there's a various range of applications where these high mobility vehicles will be applied in the future." Their next step is to attach a pair of powerful dexterous arms to the front of the robot… creating a centaur-like machine capable of manipulating and handling objects.

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says authorities should not dictate where financial firms are located once Britain leaves the European Union - but strong regulatory agreements will be needed.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says open markets and free trade aren't necessarily tied to the membership of the European Union and as result restrictions should not be considered inevitable.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

A sharp drop in oil prices dragged the energy sector lower. That kept the Dow and S&P 500 near the unchanged mark. But gains in technology stocks lifted the Nasdaq. Crude prices fell hurt by a stronger dollar and concerns about rising OPEC exports. Shares of Exxon and Chevron went along for the ride. Keith Bliss of Cuttone. (SOUNDBITE) KEITH BLISS, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, DIRECTOR OF SALES AND MARKETING, CUTTONE & CO. LLC, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "I just see no way, especially given the amount to production coming out of North America, the amount of export coming out of North America, particularly the United States. I just no way that crude oil, either on the West Texas Intermediate or the Brent Crude levels, will break out above the $45 to $55 range. And therefore that's gonna keep energy stocks locked in." New orders for U.S.-made goods fell more than expected in May. But capital equipment orders were slightly stronger, suggesting the manufacturing sector is growing. Minutes from the Fed's meeting in June showed policymakers were split on the outlook for inflation, and how it will affect the future pace of rate increases. On the trading floor... Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Micron, and Nvidia were among the best performers in the tech sector. On the flipside... U.S. credit card processor Vantiv agreed to buy Britain's Worldpay for $10 billion. Both stocks tanked. O'Reilly Automotive plunged after reporting disappointing sales. In Europe, stocks ended the day higher.

~_~

U.S. biggest chain of sandwich shops - Subway - plans to open 500 more locations in the UK and Ireland over the next three years. The move will create about 5,000 jobs. Subway already has 2,500 stores in the region. The company said it's expanding in response to consumer demand. Britain's food-to-go market is growing quickly. It is forecast to be worth nearly $29 billion by 2021, according to industry research group IGD. Technomic's David Henkes: (SOUNDBITE) DAVID HENKES, SENIOR PRINCIPAL, ADVISORY GROUP (ENGLISH) SAYING: "It's pretty clear from Subway's results here in the United States, that they're looking for growth externally. The U.S. is a very saturated market, and Subway is by far the largest restaurant chain in the United States, so growth here has been challenging, so, whether it's Europe, Asia, or other parts of the globe, Subway is clearly looking at international opportunities as a way to continue the growth trajectory, and it certainly makes sense from that perspective." Subway's expansion in the UK comes after the company closed 359 restaurants in the United States last year. Subway is owned by a U.S.-based firm Doctor's Associates. It operates as a franchise. Globally it has more than 44,000 outlets in 112 countries.

~_~

It's one of the biggest business deals in a long time for Airbus. The aircraft manufacturer is selling 140 of its planes to China. Including its A320 and A350 aircraft.. a deal worth almost 23 billion dollars. The planes will be bought by a state-owned aviation company..And then allocated to Chinese airlines. It's the first major news from Airbus since the company's restructure.. And merge of its parent company and its dominant planemaking arm. More deals could also be on the way.. China is said to be interested in Airbus's A380 superjumbo.. That would be a welcome boost to the company's new jet airliner... Which has recently seen sales stall.

~_~

Not everyone likes globalisation .... Though China's new loan to Berlin zoo don't seem to mind it .... And Germany and the EU are sending out strong signals they still want it - with or without Donald Trump and the US. Angela Merkel plays host to the Chinese president - agreeing to cooperate on aerospace - and crucially, trade. In Brussels, EU and Japanese officials are already ahead - as they move towards a full free trade deal. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: What we're seeing ... is really a very heavy message aimed at President Trump that the world of protectionism which he envisages is not acceptable to the rest of the world. For the EU, it means striking agreements in potentially tricky markets - like Japanese cars and European farm produce. But the desire to compromise does appear to be there. (SOUNDBITE) (English) EUROPEAN BUSINESS LOBBY GROUP BUSINESSEUROPE DIRECTOR, LUISA SANTOS, SAYING: It is important if the EU and Japan conclude this agreement just before the G20 Summit. It will be an important political sign also for other economies that trade is good. For a German leader who sees her country as a beacon of human rights, it may also mean compromise. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: Angela Merkel is very keen to keep open those those avenues to China and perhaps she's having to swallow things which he's less comfortable with in having those discussions with President Xi. After a new missile test on the Korean peninsula this week - there are other global challenges too where the EU could do with a helping Chinese hand. Though what might win all sides over in the end is the bare necessities .... A deal between Japan and the EU could boost joint trade by a third, say officials. Merkel, in the meantime, keen for a quick signing of an investment treaty that could also turn into a full-blown free trade agreement.

~_~

The U.S. government sought to intervene in Apple's tax troubles in Europe, a source told Reuters. Last August, the European Commission said Apple had received illegal tax breaks in Ireland, and it ordered the company to pay back close to $15 billion. The decision was criticized by the Obama administration. Trump's White House has not said anything in public about the case. In December, Apple appealed the EC decision in the Luxembourg-based General Court, Europe's second-highest. This is where the U.S. government filed its application to intervene in the case. The court is expected to hear the case in late 2018. Apple is not the only U. S. company in the EU crosshairs over tax deals. Others include Amazon, McDonald's, and Starbucks.

~_~

Volvo is going all-in on clean cars. The Swedish firm saying all new models after 2019 will be electric or hybrids. That makes it the first big automaker to set a date for phasing out traditional engines. (SOUNDBITE) (English) CHAIRMAN OF THE EXECUTIVE BOARD OF VOLVO CARS CORPORATION HAKAN SAMUELSSON SAYING: "We are reacting to customer demand, asking for electrified cars and of course it is also the way for us to cut down when it comes to C02 levels and reducing our carbon footprint." Here's one reason for the Volvo move. Elon Musk's Tesla brand enjoying a sales boom. Its new Model 3 going into full production this week - having already racked up over 300-thousand orders. The company credited with making electric cars not only credible, but desirable. Volvo wants to get in on the action: SOUNDBITE (English) REUTERS REPORTER, NICK POLLARD SAYING: "Under Geely ownership Volvo has been moving upmarket, becoming more of a luxury car that can take on rivals such as Daimler's Mercedes Benz and BMW / So what they're doing now is adding a technological trend that is really prevalent in the car industry, which is electrification, and that again will go back to define Volvo as a car not only the old school safe Volvo but also a more luxurious and cutting edge car." Volvo will continue to sell petrol and diesel cars developed before 2019. But there will be no new investment in traditional engines. Another sign, perhaps, that the era of the gas guzzler is coming to an end.

~_~

It's been through a lot in its 545 year history and things could be looking up again for the world's oldest bank. Italy's Monte dei Paschi says a return to profit is now on the horizon... After the European Commission approved a restructuring plan.. including a 5.4 billion euro government bailout. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "Question marks still remain about the legality and the wisdom of allowing the Italian state to bailout its banks, it will after all take a 70 percent stake in Monte Dei Paschi." Monte dei Paschi has been at the forefront of Italy's banking crisis. Burdened by bad loans and a mismanagement scandal. In the past week, Rome has begun to try and turn it, and other ailing banks around. Bailing them out, to the tune of more than 20 billion euros. Despite new EU rules which object to the practice. (SOUNDBITE) (English) FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL, INVESTMENT DIRECTOR, TOM STEVENSON, SAYING: "Clearly there are voices within the euro zone, particularly in Germany, which are unhappy about state aid being used to bailout banks. What's interesting is the long shadow that the financial crisis continues to cast over the European banking system." Since then, only Greece, has seen such big state bailouts. Monte Dei Paschi has promised reform though.. Including cutting thousands of jobs, hundreds of branches... And selling more than 28 billion euros of bad loans with the help of a bank rescue fund.

~_~

Tencent shrugs off concerns that a move to limit play time for some users of its top-grossing ''Honour of Kings'' game could hurt its bottom line, saying those targeted make up only a small portion of its overall user base. Samantha Vadas reports.

~_~

MUSIC: BROADCASTERS: NO ACCESS. DIGITAL: THE MUSIC TRACK IN THIS VIDEO NEWS STORY MUST ONLY BE USED AS PART OF THIS PRODUCTION AND MUST NOT BE STRIPPED OUT AND USED IN ANY OTHER CONTEXT OR PRODUCTION, OR USED IN ANY RE-EDIT OR CUT DOWN OF THE PRODUCTION

~_~

SHOWS: VARIOUS, GERMANY (FILE) (O'NEILL HANDOUT - ACCESS ALL) 1. DRONE SHOT OF CARRO DJUPSJO WAKEBOARDING IN A ROYAL POOL AT ALBRECHTSBERG CASTLE IN DRESDEN 2. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF DJUPSJO WAKEBOARDING 3. VARIOUS OF GUENTHER OKA DOING SWEEPING TURNS IN A CASTLE COURTYARD GARDEN 4. VARIOUS OF NICO VON LERCHENFELD ON THE ELBE RIVER IN FRONT OF ALBRECHTSBERG CASTLE 5. OKA SLIDING A CONCRETE BLOCK NEAR LEIPZIG 6. VARIOUS OF STEFFEN VOLLERT SLIDING A CREEPER LEDGE AT A SPOT IN BERLIN 7. VOLLERT CRUISING BETWEEN TREE STUMPS IN A BODY OF WATER IN THE MIDDLE OF A FOREST 8. SLOW-MOTION OF VOLLERT CRUISING BETWEEN TREE STUMPS / BIRD FLYING INTO FRAME 9. BIRD FLYING 10. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF DYLAN MILLER BEING PULLED INTO A LEDGE 11. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF MILLER SLIDING THE LEDGE 12. (MUTE) SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF MILLER DOING A WALLRIDE ON A RAIL 13. MILLER DOING THE WALLRIDE FROM A DIFFERENT ANGLE 14. MILLER CRASHING WHEN ATTEMPTING TO SLIDE THE FOUNDATION WALL OF A HOUSE UNDER CONSTRUCTION IN HAMBURG 15. (MUTE) SLOW-MOTION OF MILLER CRASHING 16. MILLER SUCCESSFULLY SLIDING THE FOUNDATION WALL OF A HOUSE UNDER CONSTRUCTION STORY: For two weeks in May six of the best international cable wakeboarders went on a trip around Germany finding some unconventional spots to show off their skills. Nico von Lerchenfeld of Germany was the star name and he went from Albrechtsberg Castle in Dresden to some little-known canals in Berlin and Leipzig. Von Lerchenfeld was joined by compatriot Steffen Vollert, Sweden's Carro Djupsjo, Guenther Oka of the USA, Briton Joe Battleday and Dylan Miller of Canada on the 2000-kilometre journey around Germany.

~_~

It's the oldest paintball tournament in the world, so it's no surprise that these competitors are taking it very seriously. This is the Campaign Cup - and it's come a long, long way from its origins when 12 teams fought it out in leafy England decades ago. Today, the Cup is the UK leg of a grand prix series of events known as the Millennium European Paintball Series. They take place throughout four major European cities. Competitors - from varying leagues - travel from across the globe to take part. This year 141 teams competed - representing 42 nations. And although the game might look violent, players are quick to disagree. (SOUNDBITE) (English) RYAN MOORHEAD - US SEMI PRO PLAYER FOR 5 STAR LLEIDA, SAYING: "People think we're out there and it's like a simulation war game or something like that. It isn't anything like that. It's more of an extreme action sport. Our paper markers, they do shoot projectiles but they're gelatine projectiles with paint inside. No one's getting hurt. They're shooting 300 feet per second and they break on impact, you might get a small, little bruise but, I mean, that's as far as the comparison goes." This event, held in the south of England, marked the final of the CPL league - which represents the best players in the discipline. Canadian 'Edmonton Impact' were the victors - and the series moves onto Paris in September... where the European winner will be decided.

~_~

A gecko-inspired robot could put an end to the problem of space debris. More than half a million pieces of space junk are orbiting Earth, according to NASA. They range from defunct satellites to lens covers and copper wire, and pose a hazard to astronauts, spacecraft and satellites. Cleaning them up is challenging in the weightless environment of space -- suction doesn't work in a vacuum and traditional adhesives can't withstand the extreme temperature swings. Scientists at NASA and Stanford University looked at the way gecko lizards cling to surfaces without falling to design a robotic gripper to grab and dispose of the space trash, making space travel safer and freeing up space real estate for satellites. Geckos' feet have microscopic flaps that create a force between the feet and the surface, allowing them to grip walls. The gripper mimics the flaps, and, like a gecko's foot, is only sticky if the flaps are pushed in a specific direction. The researchers tested the gripper in their lab and in zero gravity environments, including the International Space Station. Eventually, researchers hope the gripper can be used outside the space station, to check for defects and make repairs, making it a valuable tool for astronauts as well as a garbage collector for space.

~_~

The problems that come with today's rubber, air-filled tires, like tread wear and flats, could one day be ancient history. Michelin has unveiled what it says is the tire of the future - a 3D-printed tire-wheel combination that could be altered and customized based on driving needs. Called the Vision, the alien-looking concept would be a 'smart tire,' capable of giving drivers detailed information about its condition. Because it's airless, current inflation monitoring systems would be obsolete, as would blowouts, explosions, or flats - says Michelin's Executive Vice President of Research and Development, Terry Gettys. (SOUNDBITE) (English) TERRY GETTYS, MICHELIN'S EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, SAYING: "This airless structure would allow us to replace tire and wheel combinations of today. We've profited from our research on airless tires to understand how to distribute the load carrying capability so that you have enough rigidity to carry the load, enough to steer the vehicle, and maintain stability, and yet not too much rigidity in order to maintain comfort." What makes the Vision particularly unique is its ability to be altered. Michelin foresees customers being able to customize their tires for different journeys - for instance getting a printed winter tire before heading into snow. (SOUNDBITE) (English) TERRY GETTYS, MICHELIN'S EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, SAYING: "You would drive your car up to a service center and there would be four 3D imprinting modules that come and they clean your tire to prepare it and they depose new material in the form of the new design onto the same structure that you already had on the vehicle, but customized for your actual journey." Michelin has already introduced air-less tires for some markets. Its 'tweel' is used by commercial lawn mowers and some construction vehicles. But taking the Vision to market will take time - the company estimates it won't be available for 15 to 20 years.

~_~

UPSOT "Eyes top left, eyes top right." Checking your identity using simulated human cognition aiThenticate say their system goes way beyond conventional facial recognition systems or the biometrics of passwords, fingerprints and eyescans AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "We need to have a much greater level of a certainty who somebody actually is. In order to answer that question, we appealed to deep science, deep learning, to develop an AI method, artificial intelligence method, in other words to replicate or to mimic or to simulate the way that we as humans, intuitively and instinctively go by recognizing somebody's head, is very different to the conventional traditional way of face recognition, finger print recognition, for that reason really represents the next generation of authentication technologies or methods." aiDX uses 16 distinct tests to recognise someone - including eye prints - using a standard off the shelf smart phone to access encrypted data stored in the cloud it can operate in active mode - asking the user taking a simple selfie or discreetly in the background AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "It has applications in the security sense, it has applications in a customer services sense, you know this kind of things the bank calls you up and says: this is your bank calling, please, where you live, what is your mother's name, what's your dog favourite hobby, whatever the case it may be. It takes that kind of guess work out of the equation completely and it answers the, "who" question to much greater levels of confidence or certainty, than what traditional or conventional biometrics have been able to do in the past." UPSOT "Halt" "My name's Ben Affleck" Let me confirm that....The system has confirmed that you are somebody else." Billions of dollars a year are lost to identity theft globally. aiThenticate hope their new system can help stop at least some of that illegal trade

~_~

All Volvo car models launched after 2019 will be electric or hybrids, making it the first major traditional automaker to set a date for phasing out vehicles powered solely by the internal combustion engine.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Scientists from the German Aerospace Centre are testing robots on Europe's most active volcano, Mount Etna, ahead of future missions to the moon. A variety of experts from Germany, England, the United States and Italy are involved in ROBEX (Robotic Exploration of Extreme Environments) which aims to improve robotic equipment for use in space and explore the depths of Mount Etna to relay back vital technical data on seismic movement. The team hope the techniques learnt on Etna would then be deployed in lunar missions or in the exploration of Mars.

~_~

Facebook says it has completed a second test of an unmanned aircraft designed to one day beam internet access to remote parts of the planet.

MUSIC: BROADCASTERS: NO ACCESS. DIGITAL: THE MUSIC TRACK IN THIS VIDEO NEWS STORY MUST ONLY BE USED AS PART OF THIS PRODUCTION AND MUST NOT BE STRIPPED OUT AND USED IN ANY OTHER CONTEXT OR PRODUCTION, OR USED IN ANY RE-EDIT OR CUT DOWN OF THE PRODUCTION

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

For those living in America's infamous "tornado alley", minutes count. Currently, there's an average of just 14 minutes warning time before a twister hits. But drones, packed with meteorological equipment, are helping scientists better predict when and where tornadoes and storms will strike. Speaking at the Paris Air Show, Oklahoma's secretary of science and technology said it could be a game-changer for forecasting. SOUNDBITE (English) DR. KELVIN DROEGEMEIER, SECRETARY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, STATE OF OKLAHOMA, SAYING: "We observe very well at the ground, we observe pretty well at high altitude; satellites look down from above. But it's that first 2, 3 kilometres of the atmosphere above the ground level that are most important." In this elusive lower atmosphere, unmanned aerial vehicles can gather data on the exact conditions in the build-up to severe weather. SOUNDBITE (English) DR. KELVIN DROEGEMEIER, SECRETARY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, STATE OF OKLAHOMA, SAYING: "One of the things we want to do is take it out in the pre-thunderstorm environment, prior to storms forming, to capture the antecedent conditions before the storm forms. We think that will give us an opportunity to understand better how storms form and improve the forecasting of when and especially where thunderstorms form." A multi-state team of scientists in tornado hotspots, such as Oklahoma, is working on small, affordable drones as part of a four-year $6 million initiative. These could be deployed in swarms at multiple locations before a storm even exists. SOUNDBITE (English) DR. KELVIN DROEGEMEIER, SECRETARY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, STATE OF OKLAHOMA, SAYING: "So the more observations we can get, the better observations we can get; the more accurate will be the forecast.... With advanced numerical models and data from drones we think we might be able to get the warning lead time up to well over an hour." That extra time could be a life-saver. Tornadoes can be among the most violent weather events on earth, with the biggest packing wind speeds of more than 200 mile per hour.

~_~

A gecko-inspired robot could put an end to the problem of space debris. More than half a million pieces of space junk are orbiting Earth, according to NASA. They range from defunct satellites to lens covers and copper wire, and pose a hazard to astronauts, spacecraft and satellites. Cleaning them up is challenging in the weightless environment of space -- suction doesn't work in a vacuum and traditional adhesives can't withstand the extreme temperature swings. Scientists at NASA and Stanford University looked at the way gecko lizards cling to surfaces without falling to design a robotic gripper to grab and dispose of the space trash, making space travel safer and freeing up space real estate for satellites. Geckos' feet have microscopic flaps that create a force between the feet and the surface, allowing them to grip walls. The gripper mimics the flaps, and, like a gecko's foot, is only sticky if the flaps are pushed in a specific direction. The researchers tested the gripper in their lab and in zero gravity environments, including the International Space Station. Eventually, researchers hope the gripper can be used outside the space station, to check for defects and make repairs, making it a valuable tool for astronauts as well as a garbage collector for space.

~_~

Your favorite music can now be remixed into a tasty drink. Japanese company Nomura has a new gadget that lets music lovers taste songs. Squeeze Music is a juice maker. It blends a glass of juice according to the mood of a song. Happy songs produce a sweet drink. Jazz lovers will taste a bitter drink. This is how it works. The song's waveforms are analyzed by a computer and five feelings from the music are assigned a flavor. Happy, exciting, romantic, sentimental and sad are converted into sweet, sour, astringent, salty and bitter tastes respectively - and then blended into a juice drink. SOUNDBITE: Aoi Toda, saying (Japanese): "I like this tune and have listened to it for a long time, but this mixed juice made me want to listen to it from different perspectives. I really enjoyed the unique blend of the song and juice." SOUNDBITE: Akinori Goto, designer for Nomura Co. Ltd. Nomlab and developer of Squeeze Music, saying (Japanese): "At a music festival, for example, you can enjoy the experience to have a drink blended according to a song while listening to it at the gig. Moreover, we can mix alcohol so it could be served as cocktails in a bar if people want to try that out." The Squeeze Music developers hope the flavors will sweeten your taste for music.

~_~

Description: The team behind Raspberry Pi, the British-based not-for-profit company that produces a microcomputer to inspire and educate a new generation of programmers has won the UK’s top engineering innovation prize, the Royal Academy of Engineering MacRobert Award. Report by Sarah Mills and Mia Womersley.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Matt Gooderick reports from the Pioneers tech event in Vienna and talks to Ron Suskind about an app that helps autistic children communicate using cartoon avatars. Also includes a report on the Indian government’s ambitious plans to boost the country’s capacity to generate solar power.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Annette Bening has been announced as the president of the International Competition Jury at the 74th Venice International Film Festival. The announcement was made by the board of directors of the annual Italian film festival. The actress, who is married to actor Warren Beatty, is known for movies such as "American Beauty", "Being Julia" and "The Kids Are All Right". In a statement, the four-time Academy Award nominee says: "I'm honored to be asked to serve as the president of the jury for this year's Venice Film Festival. I look forward to seeing the movies, and working with my fellow jury members to celebrate the best of this year's cinema from all over the world." The film festival will run from August 30 to September 9.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Pop singer Katy Perry released the music video for her latest single "Swish Swish". The video features Gretchen, a Brazilian singer and dancer famous during the 80's. Perry posted on Twitter on Monday (June 3): "Morta Linda, The lyric video u didn't ask for but the internet needs". The music is the third single out of the album "Witness", released in June. The video attracted 9 million views on YouTube in 24 hours. The music has been reported in various media to be a response to a long-running spat between Perry and Taylor Swift.

~_~

ROUGH CUT - NO REPORTER NARRATION "War for the Planet of the Apes" seeks to explore the themes of conflict, revenge, morality and family through the portrayal of a brutal battle between apes and human beings. The third chapter of the rebooted series marks the end of the trilogy but not the franchise, said the film's director and co-writer Matt Reeves. Reeves added that he was intrigued by the prospect of analysing human nature by using ape characters. "War" follows 2011's "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" and 2014's "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes". According to studio 20th Century Fox, this installment focuses on Caesar, the genetically enhanced chimpanzee played by Andy Serkis, as he wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own quest to avenge his kind. Oscar nominee Woody Harrelson takes on the role of a ruthless army leader who is determined to capture Caesar and destroy his species. "War for the Planet of the Apes" opens in cinemas from July 11.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Berlin fashion week favourite Lena Hoschek showcased her Spring/Summer collection on Tuesday (July 4) in a colourful rush of full skirts, tassles, and a taste of Hungarian folklore. The Austrian designer was not present for the, 'Kiss me Piroschka' show, sending a message instead via her catwalk models. In enlarged photos Hoschek shows her heavily pregnant self with the caption, "Sorry, we prefer to stay at home" and "Kisses from Vienna." This is the last Berlin show that will be sponsored by Mercedes Benz, long-time partners of the event.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Karl Lagerfeld presented a very Parisian haute couture collection for Chanel on Tuesday (July 4) in that most Parisian of settings - the foot of the Eiffel Tower. Lagerfeld has a history of eye-catching set designs for his runway shows and models have previously weaved through an airport departure lounge, a supermarket and a busy brasserie. This season it was back to basics with a scaled-down reconstruction of the 324-metre high tower as backdrop for unveiling a collection including demure A-line skirts and wide-legged jumpsuits in classic Chanel tweed. Models were crowned with matching bowler-style hats in keeping with the collection's vintage feel, but their low block heels were transparent in a modern twist. Haute couture fashion week is open to an exclusive club of designers who make bespoke collections by hand with Chanel, Dior and Jean-Paul Gaultier among the current members. Another of Lagerfeld's labels, Fendi, is set to close couture fashion week on Wednesday.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. The 71st Edinburgh International Film Festival closed on Sunday (July 2) presenting the brand new film "England is Mine". The drama is an unauthorised biopic of Morrissey's early career, before the iconic singer formed band The Smiths in 1982 alongside musician Johnny Marr. The movie's title is inspired by a line in one of The Smith's songs, "Still Ill". The premiere was attended by the Scottish movie star Jack Lowden, who plays Morrissey, alongside co-star former Downtown Abbey actress Jessica Brown Findlay, Laurie Kynaston, who plays Johnny Marr and director Mark Gill. "England is Mine" is due to be released in August in the U.K.

~_~

Music producer DJ Khaled's latest album "Grateful" has debuted atop the weekly U.S. Billboard 200 album chart. Pushed by the success of collaborative songs like "Im the One," which features Justin Bieber among others, "Grateful" sold 149,000 album units, according to figures from Nielsen SoundScan. Other new entries in the top 10 include alt-rock group Imagine Dragons. Their new album "Evolve" moved 147,000 units; and the late pop star Prince came in at No. 4 with the reissue of his iconic "Purple Rain" album. On the Digital Songs chart, Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi's summer hit "Despacito" continued its reign at No. 1 with another 136,000 copies sold.

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: The soaring "Hive" exhibit at the National Building Museum in Washington is set to open on Tuesday (July 4) as part of the museum's annual interactive art installation series inside its Great Hall. Standing over 60 feet tall (over 18 meters), the exhibit's three interconnected chambers are made up of some 2,700 lightweight cardboard tubes that vary in size from just several inches to 10 feet high (over 3 meters). The silver and magenta cylinders are stacked on top of one another in an interlocking fashion using simple slots instead of relying entirely on glue. Jeanne Gang, the architect who designed "Hive," says the structure is similar to the vaulted shapes of a cathedral which are designed to hold their own weight. She told Reuters during a media preview of the exhibit Monday (July 3) that Hive is also the tallest structure ever built inside the museum. "We thought this is such a big space, we wanted to go high. We wanted to make something that had some monumentality but at the same time, inside, a certain intimacy," she said. Visitors can view "Hive" - a giant central chamber bookended by two much smaller ones - from the lofty vantage point of the museum's fourth floor inner balcony. But they will also be invited to explore the dark, intimate interiors of "Hive" at ground level, where they can interact with multiple acoustic elements like chimes and small drums. Gang said the magenta color inside each tube was inspired by the mass women's marches in Washington in January, which aimed to protest the inauguration of President Donald Trump. "Hive" is open to the public through September 4.

~_~

Spandau Ballet lead singer Tony Hadley is leaving the band. And according to opposing public statements, he isn't leaving on the best terms. Hadley's Twitter feed stated he was no long a member the New Wave band, while the remaining members released a counter statement saying that Hadley made it clear he no longer wanted to work with the band and they were moving on without him. The band formed in London in 1976 and are best known for their music in the 1980s, with hits 'True', 'Gold' and 'Through the Barricades'.

~_~

BROADCAST AND DIGITAL RESTRICTIONS**Broadcasters: NONE Digital: NONE **~ NATURAL ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) In celebration of Christian Dior's 70th anniversary, Italian creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri unveiled a highly-anticipated Autumn/Winter 2017-18 Haute Couture collection in Paris on Monday (July 3). The Italian's first haute couture collection was presented on a fern-lined outdoor catwalk near Paris' Hotel des Invalides. Chiuri said she had been inspired by a map she found in the fashion house's archives, symbolizing Christian Dior's willingness to allow cultures from around the world to influence his work. Later on Monday, Paris's Decorative Arts Museum held a VIP opening for its latest exhibition, "Christian Dior: dream designer", bringing together the designs and cultural inspiration behind Dior's history.

~_~

A sneak peak into the studios of a fashion giant. The French luxurious brand company Dior celebrated its 70th anniversary ahead of The Haute Couture fashion week in Paris. And before the festivities begin, the brand's creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri shows what it is like behind closed doors at the fashion house's studios in Paris. (SOUNDBITE) DIOR CREATIVE DIRECTOR, MARIA GRAZIA CHIURI, SAYING: "I decided that my reference is only Mr Dior because it is an homage to Mr Dior. In any case he was the founder and so I worked more in the first ten years (of the brand) and that's it. What I really believe is you have to maintain the DNA (of the brand): quality, craftsmanship, elegance. But for the time, the moment." Chiuri is the first woman to hold the crucial Creative Director role in the label's 70-year history . She is set to unveil Dior's highly-awaited Autumn/Winter 2017-18 Haute Couture collection on the catwalk this Monday. Part of the festivities includes a big exhibition underway at the Paris's Decorative Arts Museum. (SOUNDBITE) DIOR CREATIVE DIRECTOR, MARIA GRAZIA CHIURI, SAYING: "Dior is a big story, it's an unbelievable story. this exhibition for me was a very good opportunity to know more the story of the brand." "Christian Dior: Designer of dreams" is a retrospective on display, bringing together the designs and cultural inspiration behind Dior's history. The exibition opemns July 5 and runs until January 2018.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Karlovy Vary International Film Festival kicked off on Friday (June 30) in the west Bohemian spa town in Czech Republic. The Festival opening on Friday (June 30) was attended by the U.S. actors Casey Affleck and Uma Thurman and composer James Newton Howard. Academy Award winning actor Casey Affleck is the recipient of this year's Festival President's Award. The 41-year-old actor will introduce the cinematic poem "A Ghost Story", together with the writer and director David Lowery and producers Toby Halbrooks and James M. Johnston. Uma Thurman, who is also a recipient of this year's Festival President's Award, will present Quentin Tarantino's cult film Kill Bill. This year's Festival's programme features themes of passion, betrayal and revenge. Founded in 1946, The Karlovy Vary International Film Festival is ranked as one of the most prestigious film festivals globally and as the most influential film event in Central and Eastern Europe.

~_~

VIDEO SHOWS: ENGLAND CAPTAIN JOE ROOT TALKING AHEAD OF FIRST TEST OF SERIES, ENGLAND TRAINING SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 5, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. PHOTOGRAPHERS, PAN AROUND TO JOE ROOT AND DEAN ELGAR 2. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I am very excited we have had two brilliant days preparation here and I am just really looking forward to getting out there now." REPORTER ASKING IF ROOT IS APPROACHING THINGS DIFFERENTLY: "Yeah naturally there is a few other things that come across your mind. But I have really enjoyed the past few days and I just want to get out there now and I want to start the week off and get on the field." 3. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 4. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "I thought the way he bowled in India and the way he has performed throughout this season has been brilliant and he will obviously bring us a lot of control and a little bit of depth in terms of batting as well." 5. ROOT BEING INTERVIEWED 6. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ENGLAND CRICKET CAPTAIN JOE ROOT SAYING: "He has had his success in an England shirt when he has batted at three. His game is in good order and he has played really well throughout this season and he does look a different player to the last time he represented England. I know the sort of person he is and I am sure he is determined to show everyone that he is capable to perform well at this level." 7. ELGAR AND ROOT STORY: England have selected Hampshire spinner Liam Dawson to play in his first test match on home soil when the series against South Africa starts at Lord's on Thursday (July 6), said new captain Joe Root. The 27-year-old all-rounder made his England debut against India in Chennai last December and joins Worcestershire's Moeen Ali in an England team which will feature two spinners in a Lord's Test for the first time since 1993. Middlesex seamer Toby Roland-Jones is the player left out of the 12-man squad to accommodate Dawson, a right-handed batsman and left-arm spinner. The four-match series starts at Lord's on Thursday before the teams meet at Trent Bridge, The Oval and Old Trafford, and South Africa will also have a new man at the helm as regular skipper Faf du Plessis misses the game after his wife gave birth. Opener Dean Elgar will take his place for the first test with Du Plessis expected to return to lead the side at Trent Bridge on July 14.

~_~

==RESENDING WITH FULL SCRIPT AND SHOT LIST== EDITORS PLEASE NOTE, THIS MATERIAL FALLS OUTSIDE OF THE BROADCAST RESTRICTION TIME LIMIT IMPOSED BY AELTC AS IT IS DESIGNED FOR DIGITAL USE. IT CAN ALSO BE ACCESSED BY BROADCASTERS== VIDEO SHOWS: ANDY MURRAY, JOHANNA KONTA, KEI NISHIKORI AND VENUS WILLIAMS WINNING AT WIMBLEDON, MURRAY KONTA TALKING ABOUT THEIR MATCHES SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 5, 2017) (AELTC - SEE RESTRICTIONS) 1. JOHANNA KONTA WINS MATCH POINT AGAINST DONNA VEKIC 2. SOUNDBITE (English) JOHANNA KONTA SAYING: "I am coming here to do the best that I can, to compete the best I can. I think I showed that today. Like I did in my other round. like I did in 99.9 per cent of the matches that I have played. Again, what was shown today is there is no easy match, there is no easy opponent. Every single woman in the draw can play at a very high level on any given day and I am just really enjoying these challenges and these tests that I am being faced with." 3. KEI NISHIKORI WINS MATCH POINT OVER SERGIY STAKHOVSKY 4. ANDY MURRAY LOBS DUSTIN BROWN ON WAY TO STRAIGHT SETS VICTORY 5. MURRAY WINS MATCH POINT 6. SOUNDBITE (English) ANDY MURRAY SAYING: "I mean certainly the first two matches have been difficult to come up with game plans because you don't know how exactly the two guys are going to play. I think against Fabio, although he has been a better player over the years than the guys I have played in the first two matches, it is may be easier to come up with a game plan because there is going to be a bit more structure and strategy in the match rather than reacting and instinctive points. " 7. VENUS WILLIAMS WINS MATCH POINT OVER QIANG WANG STORY: Defending champion Andy Murray and sixth Johanna Konta won as four British players progressed to the third round at Wimbledon on Wednesday for the first time in 20 years. Konta, who had never previously reached the third round at the championships, showed great mental strength to beat Croatia's Donna Vekic 7-6(4) 4-6 10-8 in three hours and 10 minutes on Centre Court. World number one Murray followed up with a dominant display, beating German Dustin Brown's 6-3 6-2 6-2. Heather Watson saw off Latvian 18th seed Anastasija Sevastova 6-0 6-4 and Aljaz Bedene overcame Bosnian Damir Dzumhur 6-3 3-6 6-3 6-3. Two-times champion Petra Kvitova, who was playing only her third event this year after recovering from a knife attack at her home, struggled to find her touch on Court Two before losing 6-3 1-6 6-2 to American Madison Brengle. French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko battled her misfiring game to beat Canadian qualifier Francoise Abanda 4-6 7-6(4) 6-3 and reach the third round at Wimbledon for the first time. Fourth seed Rafael Nadal progressed to the third round with a dominant performance against American Donald Young, beating his 43rd-ranked opponent 6-4 6-2 7-5.

~_~

NOTE: VIDEO AND AUDIO QUALITY AS INCOMING SHOWS: VITTEL, FRANCE (JULY 5, 2017)(BORA-HANSGROHE TEAM - ACCESS ALL)(AUDIO AND VIDEO QUALITY AS INCOMING) 1. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PETER SAGAN OF BORA-HANSGROHE TEAM, DISQUALIFIED FROM THE TOUR DE FRANCE SPEAKS TO REPORTERS, SAYING: "First of all hello everybody thank you for coming here. I didn't do some recording or something yesterday because I did not think it was a good time. And today what can I do? I can just accept the decision of the jury but for sure I do not agree with them because I do not think I did something wrong in the sprint. But is very bad that Mark, yeah, fell down and it is important that he can recover well, I am sorry for that. But it is how you see already on the internet a crazy sprint - it is not the first one like that and will not be the last one like that. So I wish to Mark recovery well and that's it." STORY: World champion Peter Sagan on Wednesday (July 5) told reporters he accepted disqualification from the Tour de France but did not agree with it. Sagan, the world road-racing champion, was attempting to win the Tour de France points title for the sixth consecutive time this year when he collided with Mark Cavendish during a hectic finale to the fourth stage. Cavendish broke his shoulder blade in the crash and has withdrawn from the Tour. A race jury determined Sagan broke the rules and disqualified him from the race. Sagan, wearing street clothes, appeared in front of reporters before the fifth stage began in Vittel to say he accepted the jury's decision but did not agree with it. "I do not think I did something wrong in the sprint," he said. Sagan's German team Bora-Hansgrohe initially appealed against the decision of the race jury to throw the Slovak out of the Tour.

~_~

SHOWS: VARIOUS, GERMANY (FILE) (O'NEILL HANDOUT - ACCESS ALL) 1. DRONE SHOT OF CARRO DJUPSJO WAKEBOARDING IN A ROYAL POOL AT ALBRECHTSBERG CASTLE IN DRESDEN 2. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF DJUPSJO WAKEBOARDING 3. VARIOUS OF GUENTHER OKA DOING SWEEPING TURNS IN A CASTLE COURTYARD GARDEN 4. VARIOUS OF NICO VON LERCHENFELD ON THE ELBE RIVER IN FRONT OF ALBRECHTSBERG CASTLE 5. OKA SLIDING A CONCRETE BLOCK NEAR LEIPZIG 6. VARIOUS OF STEFFEN VOLLERT SLIDING A CREEPER LEDGE AT A SPOT IN BERLIN 7. VOLLERT CRUISING BETWEEN TREE STUMPS IN A BODY OF WATER IN THE MIDDLE OF A FOREST 8. SLOW-MOTION OF VOLLERT CRUISING BETWEEN TREE STUMPS / BIRD FLYING INTO FRAME 9. BIRD FLYING 10. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF DYLAN MILLER BEING PULLED INTO A LEDGE 11. SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF MILLER SLIDING THE LEDGE 12. (MUTE) SLOW-MOTION SHOT OF MILLER DOING A WALLRIDE ON A RAIL 13. MILLER DOING THE WALLRIDE FROM A DIFFERENT ANGLE 14. MILLER CRASHING WHEN ATTEMPTING TO SLIDE THE FOUNDATION WALL OF A HOUSE UNDER CONSTRUCTION IN HAMBURG 15. (MUTE) SLOW-MOTION OF MILLER CRASHING 16. MILLER SUCCESSFULLY SLIDING THE FOUNDATION WALL OF A HOUSE UNDER CONSTRUCTION STORY: For two weeks in May six of the best international cable wakeboarders went on a trip around Germany finding some unconventional spots to show off their skills. Nico von Lerchenfeld of Germany was the star name and he went from Albrechtsberg Castle in Dresden to some little-known canals in Berlin and Leipzig. Von Lerchenfeld was joined by compatriot Steffen Vollert, Sweden's Carro Djupsjo, Guenther Oka of the USA, Briton Joe Battleday and Dylan Miller of Canada on the 2000-kilometre journey around Germany.

~_~

VIDEO SHOWS: HIGHLIGHTS FROM DAY 2 AT WIMBLEDON INCLUDING WINS FOR KERBER, DJOKOVIC AND FEDERER RESENDING WITH COMPLETE SCRIPT SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UNITED KINGDOM (JULY 3, 2017) (AELTC - THE EDIT/PACKAGE SHOULD BE USED AS CREATED, USERS ARE NOT ENTITLED TO EDIT OR ADAPT IT. NO COMMERCIALISATION OR ADVERTISING WITHIN THE CONTENT ITSELF. IF THERE IS PRE-ROLL ADVERTISING BEFORE THE CONTENT, THIS ADVERTISING IS NOT TO FEATURE ANY BETTING OR GAMING. NO BETTING OR GAMING ADVERTISING IN ANY PROXIMITY TO ANY WIMBLEDON CONTENT, EITHER AS PRE-ROLL, INSERTED, POST-ROLL, OR BANNER ADS. WIMBLEDON LOGO CANNOT BE REMOVED. NO USE AFTER 2359GMT ON SUNDAY, JULY 23 2017) 1. ANGELIQUE KERBER SERVING FOR MATCH AGAINST ITALIAN IRINA FALCONI 2. KERBER WINNING MATCH / SHAKING HANDS WITH FALCONI 3. (SOUNDBITE) (English) WORLD NUMBER ONE ANGELIQUE KERBER, SAYING: "It was a good match, a good first match for me, I mean I was enjoying being back on centre court and I think to play in the first round at a grand slam is always tough, especially after my Paris first round match that I lost so that's why I was actually just thinking about it point by point and trying to find my rhythm during the whole match." 4. NOVAK DJOKOVIC AND MARTIN KLIZAN ENTERING COURT 5. ANDRE AGASSI WATCHING 6. KLIZAN SERVING / RALLY ENDS WITH DJOKOVIC WINNER / KLIZAN WALKS TOWARDS NET TO SIGNAL HIS RETIREMENT 7. (SOUNDBITE) (English) WORLD NUMBER FOUR, NOVAK DJOKOVIC, SAYING: "Yeah, it's really odd that Roger's result and my result more or less was the same when it really happened and we had a little joke about it in the locker room saying that we should maybe play a practice set on the centre court just to have the crowds stay, but they had another match move in to centre court so..." 8. ALEXANDR DOLGOPOLOV SERVING / ROGER FEDERER WINS POINT WITH RETURN 9. DOLGOPOLOV WALKING UP TO NET TO RETIRE / CROWD BOO / PLAYERS SHAKE HANDS 10. (SOUNDBITE) (English) WORLD NUMBER FIVE, ROGER FEDERER, SAYING: "Yeah I know, I mean I feel for the crowd, they're there to watch good tennis, proper tennis, at least they did see the two of us who gave it all they had, they saw other players they tried at least and they put in another match in centre court I believe so, yeah, it's unfortunate what happened today I guess." 11. WIMBLEDON LOGO STORY: There can be few things in tennis more embarrassing than being beaten in the first round of a grand slam tournament while ranked number one in the world. It is a painful memory that is still fresh in Angelique Kerber's mind, having suffered that misfortune at the French Open just five weeks ago. Luckily for her she proved the naysayers wrong with her 6-4 6-4 win over American qualifier Irina Falconi. Later, Wimbledon fans with Centre Court tickets suffered the disappointment of seeing the opponents of title contenders Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic retire early in their matches. Second seed Djokovic advanced after Martin Klizan gave up after 40 minutes when 6-3 2-0 down. Seven-times Wimbledon champion Federer led 6-3 3-0 when Ukrainian Alexandr Dolgopolov withdrew with an ankle injury after 43 minutes.

~_~

SHOWS: NEW YORK, NEW YORK, UNITED STATES (JULY 3,2017) (THE BRIDGE-ACCESS ALL) 1.AERIAL OF MACIF AFTER CROSSING UNDER THE VERRAZANO-NARROWS BRIDGE 2. SKIPPER AND FIVE MAN CREW POSE ON MACIF AT RACE FINISH 3. AERIAL SHOT OF MACIF PASSING THE STATUE OF LIBERTY WITH THE MANHATTAN SKYLINE IN THE DISTANCE STORY: Team Macif, skippered by François Gabart and a five man crew, arrived in New York on Monday (July 3) first among four trimarans that were attempting to beat the oceanliner Queen Mary 2 in a unique race across the Atlantic. The race between Saint-Nazaire, France and New York was celebrating a century of Franco-American relations. The ocean liner arrived in New York on Saturday in a time of five days, 16 hours and 45 minutes. Macif dominated the trimaran race from the front, crossing the finish line under the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge at 13:31:20 (local time), 08 days, 00 hours 31 minutes and 20 seconds. Behind Macif is Francis Joyon's Idec Sport team, Thomas Coville's Sodebo Ultim and Actual, lead by Yves Le Blévec

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 3, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. VARIOUS OF FRESH LINES BEING PAINTED ON CENTRE COURT 2. VARIOUS OF TENTS NEXT TO QUEUE 3. VARIOUS OF PEOPLE QUEUING FOR TICKETS 4. PAN FROM TENNIS PLAYER JAMIE MURRAY, STANDING NEXT TO WIMBLEDON HEDGE, TO PEOPLE QUEUEING 5. VARIOUS OF POLICE PATROLING QUEUE WITH SNIFFER DOGS 6. PEOPLE QUEUING LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 3, 2017) (UK POOL - ACCESS ALL) 7. DUCHESS OF CAMBRIDGE GETTING OUT OF CAR AND BEING GREETED BY OFFICIALS 8. DUCHESS TALKING TO OFFICIALS 9. DUCHESS TALKING TO RETIRED BELGIAN TENNIS PLAYER KIM CLIJSTERS AND RETIRED CZECH/AMERICAN TENNIS PLAYER MARTINA NAVRATILOVA LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 3, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 10. VARIOUS OF PEOPLE WALKING INTO WIMBLEDON 11. PEOPLE NEAR COURTS STORY: Queues snaked down to the All England Club on Monday (July 3) morning as the opening day of the Wimbledon championships got underway with the Duchess of Cambridge paying a visit to the All England Club. Britain's Andy Murray opened the defence of his title on centre court against Kazakh qualifier Alexander Bublik. Both French Open champions, Rafa Nadal and Jelena Ostapenko, were also due to feature on Day One, along with Petra Kvitova, Venus Williams and Stan Wawrinka.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 2, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. NOVAK DJOKOVIC AT PRESS CONFERENCE 2. (SOUNDBITE) (English) NOVAK DJOKOVIC, TALKING ABOUT PLAYING AND WINNING AT EASTBOURNE LAST WEEK, SAYING: "Yes it seems to be right now from this perspective, a good decision to have played Eastbourne. Obviously, I was not playing too many of the events in the week prior to the beginning of the grand slam in my career, but I have decided to do so this time because I felt like I needed more matches in general but especially on the grass that is a very unique surface that requires time for adaptation and adjustment, especially for the movement so, I felt like this time I needed a proper tournament rather than just playing a couple of exhibition matches so. "I'm glad I've made that decision and that I went to Eastbourne because it was a very positive experience, on and off the court as well. People were very kind, it was a great week with a lot of good positive energy and a lot of time spent on the practice courts, four quality matches, and just overall very happy with the way it went and where my form is at." 3. (SOUNDBITE) (English) NOVAK DJOKOVIC, TALKING ABOUT MARIO ANCIC WHO IS BECOMING PART OF HIS COACHING TEAM, SAYING: "You know, we spoke and he said he was anyway coming to London and that he would be happy to spend some time with Andre (Agassi) and myself during Wimbledon, and that's more or less everything thing we talked about. In terms of what comes after that, we'll see. We'll take a day at a time to see how everything flows during this tournament and then see where that takes us." STORY: Novak Djokovic said on Sunday (July 2) rediscovering the winning feeling on Saturday (July 1) when he scored his first tournament success since January had provided the perfect preparation for the Wimbledon Championships. The Serbian broke his normal pre-Wimbledon practice regime to accept a wild card at the Aegon International event in Eastbourne, where he claimed his 68th tour title by beating Gael Monfils 6-3 6-4. It was his first tournament win since January and has left the world number four confident of mounting a challenge at Wimbledon, where he has been drawn against Slovakia's Martin Klizan in the first round. "A lot of time spent on the practice courts, four quality matches. Just overall very happy with the way it went, and where my form is," said Djokovic who did not drop a set in winning at Eastbourne. The three-times Wimbledon champion has faced an unexpectedly rocky few months, losing his number one ranking to Andy Murray and failing to make a mark at either the Australian or French Open. That poor form led him to bring in eight-times grand slam champion Andre Agassi as coach ahead of the French Open, where he lost to Austria's Dominic Thiem in the quarter-finals, a defeat that meant he dropped out of the world's top two for the first time since 2011. Djokovic, who last won Wimbledon in 2015, has made another personnel change for the grasscourt event which starts on Monday (July 3), adding his friend and former player Mario Ancic to his coaching team alongside Agassi. "He (Ancic) said he was anyway coming to London. He would be happy to spend some time with Andre and myself during Wimbledon," said Djokovic, who added that he did not know how permanent the arrangement would be. The 12-times Grand Slam winner has not won one of tennis's glittering prizes since the 2016 French Open, leading to speculation that he has lost the desire to compete at the highest level.

~_~

SHOWS: DUESSELDORF, GERMANY (JULY 1, 2017)(REUTERS PICTURES - ACCESS ALL)(STILLS ARE MUTE) 1. VASIL KIRYIENTA OF TEAM SKY READY TO BEGIN TIME TRIAL IN WHICH HE FINISHED THIRD, DIMPLED SECTION OF HIS JERSEY CAN BE SEEN 2. MIKEL LANDA OF TEAM SKY ABOUT TO BEGIN TIME TRIAL IN WHICH HE FINISHED 102, DIMPLED SECTION OF HIS JERSEY CAN BE SEEN 3. GERAINT THOMAS OF TEAM SKY RIDING ON TIME TRIAL WHICH HE WON, DIMPLED SECTION OF HIS JERSEY CAN BE SEEN 4. CHRIS FROOME OF TEAM SKY RIDING ON TIME TRIAL IN WHICH HE FINISHED SIXTH, DIMPLED SECTIONS OF HIS JERSEY CAN BE SEEN 5. MIKEL NIEVE OF TEAM SKY ABOUT TO START TIME TRIAL IN WHICH HE FINISHED 133, HE WEARS A DIFFERENT STYLE OF JERSEY WITH FINE MESH NEAR DUESSELDORF, GERMANY (JULY 2, 2017)(REUTERS PICTURES - ACCESS ALL)(STILLS ARE MUTE) 6. CHRIS FROOME OF TEAM SKY CHATTING WITH RICHIE PORTE OF BMC RACING ON STAGE TWO, FROOME WEARS A STYLE OF JERSEY FOR GENERAL STAGES STORY: Tension was building up around Team Sky after two days on the Tour de France as rival teams complained that the jerseys they used for the opening time trial had been designed to illegally boost aerodynamics. The British team put four riders in the top eight of Saturday's opening time trial, with Geraint Thomas taking the race leader's yellow jersey. Little bubble pads were seen on the upper arms on the jerseys of several Team Sky riders, including that of defending champion Chris Froome. International Cycling Union (UCI) regulations state: "Garments must not be adapted in any way such that they diverge from their use purely as clothing. The addition of any non-essential element or device to clothing is prohibited." "It is an actual part of the jersey, it was not added," race jury president Philippe Marien told Reuters on Sunday (July 2). "We summoned the team's sports directors to check the jerseys. Nothing was added to them," said Marien. Some teams, however, were not happy with the jury's view. Reuters learnt that at least two rival teams had complained about the Team Sky jerseys ahead of Sunday's 203.5-km ride to Liege. "It's enhanced aerodynamics and the regulations forbid it," said Frederic Grappe, performance director at the FDJ team. "According to studies, the estimated gain is about four to seven percent. It's huge." Italian Marco Pinotti, a coach at BMC Racing, told Reuters: "It seems to me this 'equipment' is on the border line with the rules but if it's judged compliant with the rules then I accept it." Asked by a reporter if he had used the jersey before Saturday Thomas said: "I used it at the Giro (in May)." While some believe Team Sky are bending the rules, their sports director Nicolas Portal said they were 'working' them. "There are other teams who have been using it. Other big teams have been using it," the Frenchman said. "It's legal. Everybody knows the rules. It does not give you a big advantage but it's those little things... so why not use them? "Everything has been validated. We would not take the risk to cheat and lose everything on the first day. We abide by the rules. Every team needs to work on the rules."

~_~

VIDEO SHOWS: NEWS CONFERENCE WITH BRITISH NUMBER ONE JOHANNA KONTA AHEAD OF WIMBLEDON SHOWS: LONDON, ENGLAND, UK (JULY 2, 2017) (REUTERS - ACCESS ALL) 1. SOUNDBITE (English) JOHANNA KONTA, BRITISH NUMBER ONE, SAYING ON HER INJURY SITUATION: "I am definitely recovering really well and I am taking it a day at a time. I practised today, I felt good, so I am definitely looking forward to playing my first round. And like Andy (Murray) I would like to think that I am fit enough to play seven matches but I am going to be taking it one at a time." 2. NEWS CONFERENCE 3. SOUNDBITE (English) JOHANNA KONTA, BRITISH NUMBER ONE, SAYING: "I think I had three great matches in Eastbourne. I had a very full on Thursday, as did all the other players, I think everyone played two matches that day so it was a long day for everyone. But I got to play against two Grand Slam champions. The reigning French Open champion (Jelena Ostapenko) and the number one player (Angelique Kerber) in the world, so I felt that I was tested in very different ways, two completely different players and I was quite happy with the way in which I was able to adapt between those two matches on the same day. But overall I am coming into Wimbledon with some great time on the grass against some great players. So that doesn't guarantee anything here results wise but I have definitely prepared the best that I can to perform here." STORY: British number one Johanna Konta said she is fit for Wimbledon after suffering an injury scare at Eastbourne. Konta landed heavily on her back and head during a quarter final win over Angelique Kerber, and pulled out before her semi final. But after resting for the last few days, the sixth seed told a news conference on Sunday (July 2) at Wimbledon that she was ready for the tournament. Konta begins her campaign on court one against Su-Wei Hsieh from Taiwan.

~_~

SHOWS: WELLINGTON, NEW ZEALAND (JULY 1, 2017) (TVNZ - Broadcasters: NO ACCESS NEW ZEALAND Digital: NO ACCESS NEW ZEALAND INTERNET SITES / ANY INTERNET SITE OF ANY NEW ZEALAND OR AUSTRALIAN BASED MEDIA ORGANISATIONS OR MOBILE PLATFORMS) 1. (SOUNDBITE) (English) BRITISH AND IRISH LIONS COACH WARREN GATLAND, SAYING: "Yeah we take a huge amount of confidence in terms of we stepped up physically which was a challenge. We scored a couple of nice tries. Obviously the red card is significant to the All Blacks and we know in the past and historically what New Zealand teams are like when they lose, how they respond and there's no better example of what happened in Chicago to see what happened in Dublin following that. So we know we're going to be in for an almighty battle at Eden Park next week." 2. (SOUNDBITE) (English) NEW ZEALAND ALL BLACKS COACH STEVE HANSEN: "I am extremely proud of our blokes. 14 men against such a good side. We said they were a good side, right from the day they were selected. Proven that to everyone tonight. So very proud of our guys and congratulations to the Lions. You know they worked and worked their way back into the game and finally come over the top of us in the last five minutes to be in front or the last ten minutes in front. So congratulations to them and now we got to head to Auckland and it's one each." STORY: Warren Gatland said the British and Irish Lions 'take a huge amount of confidence' after levelling the test series against the All Blacks on Saturday (July 1) after just scraping a win over a side that played nearly three quarters of the match with 14 players. Well beaten 30-15 in the opening test last week, the Lions were handed a huge advantage when Sonny Bill Williams was red carded in the 25th minute but still needed a late penalty goal from Owen Farrell to secure a 24-21 win in Wellington. They did also score two tries, however, and a steely defensive display prevented the All Blacks from notching up a five-pointer in a test for the first time in three years. All Blacks coach Steve Hansen said he took several positive factors out of the encounter and was excited about the series decider at Auckland's Eden Park.

~_~

She died some 1,700 years ago, and is believed to have ruled over a desert valley in ancient Peru. But a glimpse of the former priestess, the Lady of Cao, can now be seen in a replica of her face. Using modern technology, the replica was based on the Lady of Cao's skull structure and took 10 months to create. Culture Minister Salvador del Solar said the project's goal is to bring the world closer to one of Peru's best archaeological finds and remind Peruvians of their rich cultural heritage. SOUNDBITE: Salvador del Solar, Peru's culture minister, saying (English): "Today I want to share all the enthusiasm and pride with the people who have reconstructed the image of the Lady of Cao. We can now show the world her face, a face that Peruvians see ourselves in." The discovery of the Lady of Cao's mummified remains in 2005 shattered the belief that the ancient Moche society was patriarchal. Several Moche female mummies have been found since in graves with objects denoting a high political and religious standing. The Lady of Cao is a reminder of the complex societies that thrived in what is now Peru, long before the Inca empire dominated the Andes or Europeans arrived in the Americas.

~_~

MUSIC: BROADCASTERS: NO ACCESS. DIGITAL: THE MUSIC TRACK IN THIS VIDEO NEWS STORY MUST ONLY BE USED AS PART OF THIS PRODUCTION AND MUST NOT BE STRIPPED OUT AND USED IN ANY OTHER CONTEXT OR PRODUCTION, OR USED IN ANY RE-EDIT OR CUT DOWN OF THE PRODUCTION

~_~

It's the oldest paintball tournament in the world, so it's no surprise that these competitors are taking it very seriously. This is the Campaign Cup - and it's come a long, long way from its origins when 12 teams fought it out in leafy England decades ago. Today, the Cup is the UK leg of a grand prix series of events known as the Millennium European Paintball Series. They take place throughout four major European cities. Competitors - from varying leagues - travel from across the globe to take part. This year 141 teams competed - representing 42 nations. And although the game might look violent, players are quick to disagree. (SOUNDBITE) (English) RYAN MOORHEAD - US SEMI PRO PLAYER FOR 5 STAR LLEIDA, SAYING: "People think we're out there and it's like a simulation war game or something like that. It isn't anything like that. It's more of an extreme action sport. Our paper markers, they do shoot projectiles but they're gelatine projectiles with paint inside. No one's getting hurt. They're shooting 300 feet per second and they break on impact, you might get a small, little bruise but, I mean, that's as far as the comparison goes." This event, held in the south of England, marked the final of the CPL league - which represents the best players in the discipline. Canadian 'Edmonton Impact' were the victors - and the series moves onto Paris in September... where the European winner will be decided.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: Researchers at the Leiden's Naturalis Biodiversity Center announced on Monday (June 26) the discovery of a 500 gram (1 pound) meteorite that could help shed light on the origin of our solar system. In a statement, the research center said several people in the Netherlands and Belgium witnessed on January 11 a fireball flying over the Dutch town of Broek in Waterland, making it the sixth meteorite to be found in the Netherlands in two centuries. The extraterrestrial object hit the roof of a shed, shattering its wooden frame without causing any injury. Researchers believe the asteroid originated from the asteroid belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. Senior geology researcher Leo Kriegsman said it could provide key information about the formation of the solar system 4.5 billion years ago, as no stone this old can be found on earth. Kriegsman described the meteorite as a 'L6 chondrite,' a common type of space rock. Researchers at the Naturalis Biodiversity Center estimate that one meteorite of this size hits the Netherlands once in every 3-4 years, but that they are not always found. The previous meteorite found in the Netherlands was 27 years ago in Glanerbrug, near the German border.

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: New Yorkers and tourists in Times Square took a trip back in time on Tuesday (June 27), courtesy of repurposed phone booths outfitted with oral histories from the city's storied immigrant population. Afghan-American artist Aman Mojadidi and Times Square Arts introduced the interactive art installation "Once Upon a Place," which allows participants to listen to the stories of immigrants who moved to New York through the receivers of old pay phones - once a common sight on city streets. Mojadidi came up with the idea when he heard that the phone booths were being removed. "I wanted to do sort of an urban project about migration, a storytelling project," he said. "For me the fact that these phone booths were being removed, I immediately thought about bringing them back and putting a different kind of story into them." The artist reworked three phone booths and collected stories from several immigrants who now call New York home. Their stories were recorded in English or in their native languages. Visitors can step into the booths and listen to the narrations on the phone. Marelisa Morejon, an immigrant from Cuba, decided to listen as she passed by the installation. "You can hear different histories, and it's very touching," she said. Visitors and New Yorkers will be able to hear the stories through September 5.

~_~

They say it tastes like chicken, but then, what doesn't? This cricket salad could be key to solving a looming crisis in world food shortages that may hit within a generation. The dish and other insect treats, like a chocolate cake made out of mealworms, was created by scientists at Poland's Wroclaw University. They say the bugs are generally high in protein, low in fat, take up far less space than cattle farming, and have less of an environmental impact. (SOUNDBITE) (Polish) WROCLAW UNIVERSITY OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND LIFE SCIENCES, ANNA ZOLNIERCZYK, SAYING: "We can feed them leftovers from our table, so instead of throwing out everything we don't eat, we can give it to the insects and they will convert that into fresh biomass and after a few days or a week we have fresh meatballs." The university is far from the first institution to experiment with the other white meat. And in some parts of the world, such as regions of China, eating insects is commonplace. Yet urgency is starting to take hold elsewhere. The United Nations estimates that by 2050 the world's population will have grown by over a third, totaling 9 billion people, and demanding a 70 percent increase in food production to meet it. But if chicken-flavored cricket doesn't sound appetizing to you, you may be in luck. The scientists say feeding insects different things can change their flavor.

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: Around 30,000 honey bees swarmed on a ledge at One Times Square, where the New Year's Eve ball drop happens, in New York on Tuesday (June 27). Andrew Coté, a fourth generation beekeeper of AndrewsHoney.com, was called to the rescue and used a vacuum to suck up the bees. "The bees weren't colonizing," Coté said. "The bees were on a nearby hotel and they were probably not very well managed and they left like Lucifer, the most beautiful angel left heaven, took a third of the angels with him, these bees left with their queen. They were looking for a new home as a temporary station. They landed on that old New York Times building in Times Square." The unharmed bees were later combined with a smaller hive at nearby Bryant Park that hosts two public beehives maintained by the New York City Beekeepers Association, which Coté founded. "We decided to put these bees in Bryant Park because one, they needed a place to go right away," Coté said. "There were so many of them in a small container that they would have overheated were we to have left them there for too long. Two, we have two hives at Bryant Park. One of them was lagging behind the other. This is going to give it a jump-start, it's going to double the population in a few minutes." Coté said a common misconception with honey bees is that they sting like wasps or hornets, but that they're actually docile and gentle and "a huge part of our lives."

~_~

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: New York City-based baker Kat Thek has a way to handle internet trolls: let them eat cake. Thek is the owner of Troll Cakes and Detective Agency, which decorates cakes with negative internet comments and sends them to the people who make the comments, known as "trolls" in online parlance. For $30-60 USD, Troll Cakes bakes and decorates cakes using the troll's exact comments and then packs them into confetti-filled boxes to send to trolls' homes or offices. The Troll Cakes website does caution customers that not all orders will be accepted. Troll Cakes also offers to send customers' favorite tweets by U.S. President Donald Trump to the White House. So far, Thek has sent "four or five dozen cakes" but has not yet heard back from any of the recipients.

~_~

It's a chocolate cake that might make you feel queasy. The special ingredient is mealworms - and lots of them. Wroclaw's University of Environmental and Life Sciences researchers made it. They're researching future trends in nutrition. SOUNDBITE (Polish) WROCLAW UNIVERSITY OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND LIFE SCIENCES, ANNA ZOLNIERCZYK, SAYING: "We can feed the insects leftovers from our table, so instead of throwing out everything we don't eat, we can give it to the insects and they will convert that into fresh biomass and after a few days or a week, we have fresh meatballs." The team says insect farming consumes far less water than crops and can be done at home. Insects are frozen, then ground up or thrown straight into a frying pan. Deep-fried crickets taste like roasted chicken, larvae has a nutty flavor and ants are spicy and slightly sour. Most importantly, they're all nutritious. SOUNDBITE (Polish) ENGINEER, JOANNA BIESIADA, SAYING: "Generally they have more protein than fat, so for some people this is important. These people could treat this as more dietary food with pretty high nutritional value. In addition to high protein content also they have large amounts of elements such as iron, potassium, sodium." Outside the university, passers-by were given a taster. SOUNDBITE (Polish) TOURIST FROM KIEV, VITALII LYNETS, SAYING: "I think young people will try it at first. Who knows, maybe in 10, 12 years, insects will be sold in shops just like pork chops." Researchers are searching for alternative solutions to feed the world's growing population. By 2050 a 70 percent rise in food production will be needed, with limited agricultural land available.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Canada had a cracking time in this year's World Egg-Throwing Championship, taking home the gold in two of the three events in the egg-themed competition. The day's events included Egg Russian Roulette, egg trebuchet and the main event of the day - egg-throwing, which sees a team of two hurl an egg at each other while trying not to smash it. The event drew in competitors from all over the world, including Australia and Germany, but it was Canadian competitor Julie Moens who starred on the day, smashing the roulette and trebuchet competitions.

~_~

Archaeologists in Cyprus uncover a virtually intact floor mosaic almost 2,000 years old. The mosaic depicts scenes from chariot races in a hippodrome, a rare discovery and thought to be only one of a handful from the ancient world. The 26-meter long mosaic, thought to be part of a gallery from a 4th century AD mansion, lay undisturbed for centuries until a farmer stumbled upon a mosaic fragment from another part of the mansion in 1937-1938 in a community west of Cyprus's capital Nicosia. SOUNDBITE: Dr Fryni Hadjichristofi, Chief Archaeologist, saying (English): "This is quite rare, as the circus scenes - like we have in Akaki - is not often depicted on mosaics. We have most frequently isolated horses or charioteers taking part, that have taken part in the hippodrome, but hippodrome itself, the race in the hippodrome is quite rare. We know, until now we have nine other, there are only nine other mosaics with this theme, have been preserved until now. So the mosaic in Cyprus is... the tenth one in the whole Roman world." Digging began in 2013 and the full mosaic was seen briefly for the first time in 2016, before authorities covered it up for protection. Recently archaeologists removed the layer of dirt to begin restoration works, but they expect it will take several years until it can be visited by the public. The mosaic's origin is still a mystery - it may have been part of the home of a rich person, but that will require further study and excavation.

~_~

President Rodrigo Duterte was preparing to make a deal with Islamic State-inspired militants in the days after they laid siege to a southern city, but as Reuters Martin Petty reports from the south, the Philippines' leader aborted the plan without explanation.

~_~

China invites medical experts from the United States and Germany to help treat dissident Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo for cancer. As Reuters Christian Shepherd explains, the country is softening of its stance ahead of this week's G20 summit in Germany.

~_~

Thailand's military junta delays parts of a new labor law aimed at regulating foreign workers after it prompted tens of thousands to flee the country. Reuters Panu Wongcha-um says that's already had an impact on Thailand's economy.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

U.S. President Donald Trump discusses North Korea in phone calls with the leaders of China and Japan. As Reuters Ben Blanchard reports, Beijing had another takeaway to highlight: Donald Trump sticking to the 'One China' policy.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

A U.S. warship sails near a disputed island in the South China Sea claimed by China, Taiwan and Vietnam. As Reuters Greg Torode explains, it's an operation that's meant to challenge the competing claims of all three nations.

~_~

Chinese President Xi Jinping swears in Hong Kong's new leader with a stark warning on the 20th anniversary of the city's return from Britain to China. But as Grace Lee reports, thousands of Hong Kongers have a message of their own.

~_~

Hong Kong's journalists are used to roaming the city without too much interference. But with Chinese President Xi Jinping in town for the 20th anniversary of the UK-China handover, members of the media like Reuters' cameraman Pak Yiu are coming up against some unusual security measures.

~_~

The United States imposes sanctions on a number of Chinese entities, including a bank, for alleged ties to North Korea. As Tony Munroe explains, the Bank of Dandong has been in sanctions crosshairs for some time.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Journalists say they were blocked access to the site of a deadly landslide last week in southwest China. Reuters Sue-lin Wong describes her time reporting on the disaster, and dealing with authorities.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

MUMBAI (Reuters Breakingviews) - It is hard to let go of a unicorn. Indian e-commerce firm Snapdeal has rejected a roughly $850 million takeover offer from its larger rival Flipkart, a person familiar with the situation told Breakingviews. A sale at this price would fall short of the startup industry’s magical $1 billion-plus mark, let alone the peak valuation of $6.5 billion Snapdeal hit more than a year ago. But the rebuff is probably a mistake: buyers are scarce and a delay is only likely to lead to a lower price.

Japan's SoftBank is the largest shareholder and has been pushing for a quick sale. But it needs the support of other investors including Snapdeal's founders, as it does not control the board of the country's number three e-commerce player. A sale will hurt in the short-run given the technology conglomerate has spent around $1 billion on Snapdeal at valuations up to an estimated $5 billion. However, Reuters reports that founder Masayoshi Son wants to invest a further $1 billion to become a top shareholder in the enlarged entity.

Throwing good money after bad has some logic for the Japanese. The merged group could later be combined with the retail unit of Paytm, another industry player that is backed by Alibaba, the Chinese giant already part-owned by SoftBank. If the end result is a profitable, dominant outfit, that would also help to preserve SoftBank's boasting rights. Leaving aside Alibaba, the Japanese company claims to have earned a 43 percent cumulative return over the past 18 years on internet investments worth $7 billion. At this point, Snapdeal looks like a blot on that record.

With Amazon the only other significant player in the industry, Snapdeal has a poor negotiating position. Flipkart already counts powerhouses like China's Tencent, U.S. marketplace eBay, and Microsoft among its investors. Holdouts may be disappointed with the valuation on the table, and possibly other terms and conditions. But one thing is almost certain: the longer this sale drags out the less Snapdeal will look like a unicorn.

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Banks aced the annual exams administered by the Fed and are now teeing up over $100 bln of payouts. Gina Chon and Jeffrey Goldfarb discuss what's next for foreign lenders and Citigroup.

~_~

NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Volvo has just given Tesla a shock. The Sweden-based carmaker on Wednesday said it will stop producing new gasoline-only engines from 2019 and shift to a variety of hybrid and all-electric models. That may not appear too significant at first – the company, after all, accounted for just 0.6 percent of global vehicle sales last year. But its plan sums up the challenges faced by Elon Musk’s firm.

Granted, Volvo is over-revving its engine by proclaiming it’s going “all electric.” It has no plans yet to drop existing gasoline vehicles. And it will keep the combustion engine in two of the three options it will introduce starting in two years’ time – a plug-in hybrid, which can use either gasoline or electric power, and what it calls the mild hybrid, like Toyota's Prius, which converts braking power into electricity.

The industry sells more cars with these engines than pure electric-powered ones. That’s especially true in the fast-growing Chinese market, where around half the world’s electric and hybrid cars are sold and where Volvo’s owner, Geely, is based.

Tesla accounts for just 3 percent of electric vehicle and hybrid sales there, Barclays points out. Local players selling cheaper cars dominate; meanwhile, the likes of Daimler and General Motors are bulking up. That’s likely to bring down the cost of batteries even further, robbing Tesla of one of its major advantages.

It’s emblematic of the growing competition Tesla is facing around the world. Virtually all carmakers have electric and hybrid offerings of their own, whether smaller vehicles like the Nissan Leaf or BMW’s high-end i3 and i8.

That doesn’t mean Musk’s company is driving down a dead-end street. But it once again calls into question his aggressive target of selling 500,000 vehicles by the end of next year – five times this year’s run rate and just shy of what Volvo currently delivers - and 1 million by 2020.

Moreover, Tesla is still suffering from growing pains. The latest slip-up was a lack of batteries, which kept production 40 percent below demand for much of the second quarter, the company said just before the July 4 holiday.

That and Volvo’s news took more than 7 percent off Tesla’s stock on Wednesday. Even so, Musk’s carmaker trades at 25 times estimated 2020 earnings, compared with Toyota’s multiple of just over 10 times 2017 earnings. More pain lies ahead.

~_~

Vantiv sets punchy price on Worldpay

LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Worldpay discovered on Wednesday that a couple of birds in the bush are sometimes worth a bit more than one in the hand. A day after Britain’s biggest payment processor said it had received approaches from both Vantiv and JPMorgan, the company plumped for the former’s offer of nearly $10 billion in a mix of cash and shares. That took the shine off the share price of both the buyer and its target. Perhaps because the deal only makes sense with some very charitable

~_~

Traders wait for news at the post where U.S. credit card technology firm Vantiv Inc is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Worldpay discovered on Wednesday that a couple of birds in the bush are sometimes worth a bit more than one in the hand. A day after Britain’s biggest payment processor said it had received approaches from both Vantiv and JPMorgan, the company plumped for the former’s offer of nearly $10 billion in a mix of cash and shares. That took the shine off the share price of both the buyer and its target. Perhaps because the deal only makes sense with some very charitable assumptions.

If the acquisition goes ahead, Worldpay investors will receive 55 pence for each share they own as well as 0.0672 new Vantiv shares. The total package is worth a fifth more than Worldpay’s June 30 closing price of just under 315 pence and means that investors in the British company would own roughly 41 percent of the larger group. That’s decent but not quite as lofty as the 450 pence offer that several analysts said might be in the offing.

Probably just as well from Vantiv’s point of view. Worldpay says the two boards have identified substantial potential savings but neither side has yet to produce any estimates. But to justify a premium of around $1.6 billion, they would need to make roughly $225 million of pre-tax cost savings per year, according to a Breakingviews calculation. Eliminating duplicated costs in the United States will no doubt play a central role, but even so the goal appears ambitious.

There are a couple of other niggling concerns. One is why JPMorgan decided not to bid. Another is that Vantiv Chief Executive Charles Drucker and his Worldpay peer, Philip Jansen, will jointly run the company. Such setups can be a recipe for conflicts and muddled visions. However, neither is as worrying as investors’ knee-jerk reaction to the deal.

Vantiv shares fell as much as 5 percent from their previous close, before recovering slightly later. The less enthusiastic investors in the U.S. company are about the deal, the less appealing it becomes for those who own its British peer.

~_~

HONG KONG Tencent's e-books require some Hollywood stardust. The tech giant's publishing arm may raise up to $800 million in a Hong Kong listing, according to IFR. Catering to bookworms isn't very lucrative, even if more and more readers are paying for electronic literature. The real payoff will lie in turning stories into blockbuster films, video games and merchandise.

The $327 billion social media and gaming group is listing China Literature. The business resembles Amazon’s Kindle Store, doubling up as a publishing house with an in-house editorial team. The subsidiary could be worth as much as $5.3 billion, assuming 15 percent of the firm's enlarged share capital is sold in the initial public offering.

That looks pricey, even for the country's largest online publishing and e-book platform. Net profit last year was just 30.4 million yuan ($4.5 million).

To be sure, it boasts 8.4 million literary works from 5.3 million writers, both amateur and professional. And growth is promising: sales rose 59 percent to 2.6 billion yuan last year. But charging as little as 0.05 yuan per 1,000 Chinese characters is not much of a money-spinner, especially after splitting fees with authors. Piracy remains rampant, too. China Literature estimates it cost the industry 11.4 billion yuan in sales last year - more than double the size of the legitimate market.

So the sales pitch will focus more on Chinese cinema, which increasingly looks to novels and comics for inspiration. Last year, more than a third of the top 50 local films were adapted from literary works, bringing in $1.1 billion in ticket sales, China Literature says. Tencent recently partnered with Wanda Cinema, the country's largest cinema chain, to develop movies, television shows, games, virtual-reality content and even theme parks. The sums involved should be bigger, and the margins higher, than selling novels.

So rather than a traditional book publisher, this could optimistically look more like Disney, which owns intellectual property ranging from Star Wars to Iron Man. However, these franchises have been developed over decades. China Literature will need to find some truly outstanding characters lurking in its huge library.

~_~

U.S. President Donald Trump (L) and China's President Xi Jinping walk along the front patio of the Mar-a-Lago estate after a bilateral meeting in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

HONG KONG Sino-U.S. relations are entering a dangerous phase. The honeymoon between presidents Xi Jinping and Donald Trump ended abruptly, and the latter feels sore. China hasn't delivered change in North Korea, and trade is still imbalanced. Now the U.S. administration is lashing out. The likelihood of miscalculation is rising, as is the risk of economic fallout.

Graphic: China's trade surplus with the United States has risen since February: reut.rs/2sGKCuT

The fundamental problem lies in the false cognate Trump presents to Chinese officials. He looks so familiar: an autocratic real-estate developer who unabashedly mixes business and political interests, and surrounds himself with trusted family members.

Seeing a man who disdained the advice of experts from his own bureaucracy, China invested heavily in relationships with Trump's family, in particular his son-in-law Jared Kushner and daughter Ivanka Trump, who have been invited to visit China later this year. The president reciprocated by saying nice things about Xi, and by abandoning his brief flirtation with Taiwan.

But that analysis underestimates three things: Trump’s unpredictability, pushback from the Washington bureaucracy, and electoral support for China-bashing. Trump's support base rallied behind his tough talk about 35 percent sanctions on Chinese imports.

Meanwhile, Trump's team also misread China's openness to compromise. Beijing has tossed out a few token concessions on market opening, including allowing American beef imports, and opened a few more doors for Wall Street. But it has pushed ahead with a cyber security law that appears designed in part to squeeze out foreign software companies. After briefly falling to a multi-year low in February, China's trade surplus with the United States has been rising, to hit $22 billion in May.

China implemented further sanctions on North Korea but to no effect: Pyongyang tested another ballistic missile on Tuesday, on the day America celebrates its independence.

Trump appears to be losing patience. He is selling $1.4 billion of weapons to Taiwan. He is sanctioning Chinese individuals and banks doing business with Pyongyang, and talking steel sanctions. The U.S. navy is confronting Chinese ships and aircraft in the South China Sea.

The first risk is that the U.S. president swings from one extreme to the opposite. The second is that China over-reacts, and the status quo that has placated investors so far takes a turn for the worse.

~_~

A gallery assistant holds a 2-pound coin with the new portrait of Britain's Queen Elizabeth following it's unveiling at the National Portrait Gallery in London March 2, 2015. This is the fifth portrait of the Queen to be used on a British coin during her reign. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett

LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - British Prime Minister Theresa May has the chance to make a virtue of political necessity. Her fragile minority government is under mounting pressure to spend more on a range of fronts. Loosening the purse strings would help both the economy and Bank of England Governor Mark Carney.

Members of May’s own cabinet are calling for the government to abandon a 1 percent cap on pay hikes for public employees, which is squeezing the disposable incomes of nurses and teachers. Allowing public sector pay to rise at the same rate as the private sector would cost an extra 6.3 billion pounds in 2019-20, rising to 9.2 billion pounds in 2021-22, the Institute for Fiscal Studies estimates. Nor would this be the only unscheduled call on the public purse.

The government has pledged 1 billion pounds extra for Northern Ireland over two years as a quid pro quo for securing the support of the province's biggest Protestant party. Planned cuts of 3 billion pounds in funding for local authorities may be revisited after the deadly fire in a London tower block. Meanwhile, slower-than-expected growth will depress tax receipts.

Too much is in flux at this stage for private economists to form an accurate picture of the slippage in the budget. But most agree that Finance Minister Philip Hammond is increasingly likely to miss his goal of turning a budget deficit that was worth 46.6 billion pounds, or 2.4 percent of GDP, in the last financial year into a surplus by the mid-2020s. That’s especially true as the government is unlikely to have much appetite for unpopular tax hikes.

That’s not great news for the UK gilt market, since bond prices typically fall when governments borrow more. But it could give the Bank of England an opportunity to raise rates to rein in inflation and curb consumer borrowing, which has been growing at double-digit rates. For seven years, Britain has combined tight controls on spending with loose monetary policy. Changing the mix now makes sense. Conveniently, self-interest may force politicians to do the right thing.

~_~

HONG KONG Naspers has an unhealthy addiction to Tencent. The South African company is worth $28 billion less than its stake in the Chinese gaming behemoth. Boss Bob van Dijk rules out a spinoff, but that would be the best fix. Unfortunately for would-be activists, supervoting shares make it hard to apply pressure.

Fuelled by an early bet on Tencent, the tech and media group has become South Africa's largest public company by market value. The problem is, Naspers' other investments, which span e-commerce in India to online classifieds in Poland, are effectively worth less than nothing to shareholders. As of June 30, the one-third stake in Hong Kong-listed Tencent was worth roughly $113 billion - a third more than Naspers.

Graphic: Naspers is worth less than its one third stake in gaming giant Tencent: tmsnrt.rs/2tGMaKc

The situation echoes the dilemma at Yahoo, where its core business ended up being worth a lot less than its stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan. Yahoo fixed that by selling the internet business to Verizon and rebranding as Altaba.

Naspers’ discount has more than tripled over the past year partly due to Tencent's surging share price. That has prompted some investors to speak out. Last month, a Geneva-based shareholder published an open letter, urging a spinoff, among other things. The company rules out any sale or unbundling of the stake, saying Tencent is "an appreciating asset" that is core to its strategy.

The activist has a point. At best, the market is now applying a big “conglomerate discount” in valuing Naspers. That could prove enduring. At worst, investors are sceptical that the company is creating value with its other businesses. Last month, the company said annual operating losses at its e-commerce division, which includes bets on classifieds, payments and food delivery, widened to $682 million from $648 million. Smaller pay-television and media arms also disappointed, as operating profit slumped by over one-third.

Unfortunately, supervoting shares account for 68 percent of votes at Naspers, recent filings show. It is not clear who ultimately owns these shares. But if these owners support management, it can easily continue to be dismissive.

~_~

LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - “I promise to pay the bearer on demand the sum of twenty pounds”. Curious British children sometimes ask their parents the meaning of this statement, printed on every 20 pound note. Befuddled elders can find the answer in the excellent “Making Money: Coin, Currency and the Coming of Capitalism” by Christine Desan.

The 2014 book covers English monetary history from Anglo-Saxon days to the beginning of modern times, with a conclusion that takes in some current issues. It turns out that the words on the bank note are the last remnants of a longstanding lie about paper money. The untruth is that currency is only worth as much as the gold or silver that it can buy.

“Making Money” traces the history of the actual relationship between these valuable commodities, the coins used, and monetary accounts kept in England. British paper money started as a claim on the loan account from the Bank of England to the government.

The shareholders of the BoE, which was a privately owned institution until 1946, worried that people would not accept the notes unless the government promised that they could be cashed in for gold coin. So like the father in the story of Rumpelstiltskin, who said his daughter could spin straw into gold, the BoE promised to turn paper money into precious metal.

But there was no little man to perform miracles on Threadneedle Street. There was just a polite fiction. The store of gold was always far too small to match the issue of notes. In 1797, when too many people actually asked for gold, the BoE arranged for parliament to free it from the commitment to convertibility.

The fiction of gold backing was restored in 1821, in what came to be known as the gold standard. The always-false promise of gold repayment was finally abandoned a little more than century later, leaving only the printed words to confuse attentive children.

The presence or absence of gold pseudo-backing has no effect on the value of notes. That’s because the value of money does not come from any tangible commodity. It is always created and protected by some public authority, because the money system is deeply embedded in society.

In other words, money is always and everywhere what Desan calls a governance project or a constitutional undertaking. A professor of law at Harvard University, she cites evidence from her own field and also from history and philosophy, with a bit of anthropology and sociology thrown in.

Governance comes with governments. While private banks create most of the money supply these days, the ultimate political authority still provides the ultimate guarantee of monetary value. No other person or organisation can persuade people to accept a token which “must deliver value immediately… for strangers as well as friends, for those without trust or further contact as well as those who can reciprocate at a later time”.

Desan shows how the English system gradually changed. For centuries, people paid the government some quantity of gold or silver to turn the rest of their specie into state-approved coins. By the beginning of the 18th century it was the government which paid interest on debts that were converted into paper money, and which allowed bank accounts to be denominated in the same currency. Unlike coins of precious metal, the supply of the new gold-free money expanded along with England’s commercial and industrial economy.

The journey from coins to accounts was marked by scandals, crises and depressions. Sometimes the government ignored or even abetted monetary excesses; sometimes it put disastrous limits on the supply of money.

The path might have been smoother if more people had understood earlier that money was essentially man-made. Then again, public trust in what was actually fiat money may have been enhanced by Bank of England’s sincere belief in the untruth that this backing existed. Desan calls the gap between the belief and the reality “deeply ironic”.

Though “Making Money” is a history, the past sheds light on some current questions: First, ridicule is the right response to suggestions that government-backed money could give way to gold or some private system using an electronic token. Money and states are too intimately entwined ever to be separated.

Second, the control of money is political rather than technical. A central bank’s monetary policy requires essentially political judgments between debtors who welcome unexpected inflation and creditors who gain from stable prices. And there are no technocratic answers to the question of who should suffer when the monetary system goes wrong.

Third, there is nothing natural or inevitable about letting profit-seeking private banks control the money supply. They only acquired this role through a historical accident, and they are excessively prone to economically damaging mood swings. Besides, financiers are probably the wrong group of people to entrust with a responsibility so central to the common good.

Finally, here’s some advice for BoE Governor Mark Carney. The next time you approve a new design for a banknote, get rid of the “promise to pay”. Parents will be grateful.

~_~

Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson

LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - In early 2009, fund managers at PIMCO coined the term “new normal” to describe the post-crisis financial landscape. Their projection of sluggish growth, subdued inflation and rock-bottom interest rates proved a reliable guide for most of the next eight years. Now markets are taking fright over a hint that that period is coming to an end.

It has been clear for a while that the world economy is doing a bit better. The International Monetary Fund expects global GDP growth to hit 3.5 percent this year. Fears that a financial crisis could trigger a slump in China have receded for now. Economic sentiment in the euro zone, as measured by the European Commission, is at its highest level in almost a decade.

Yet the prospect of central banks responding to that improvement has still taken money managers by surprise. Euro zone bond yields jumped this week after investors interpreted comments from European Central Bank President Mario Draghi as slightly more hawkish. The prospect of money becoming more expensive has also weighed on equities: the pan-European STOXX index is down 2 percent this month.

The notion that stronger growth can lead to lower share prices is a reminder of how distorted markets are. Loose money has not only pushed down government bond yields, but also reduced borrowing costs for companies and consumers. Low interest rates may also have made investors more willing to pay up for stocks that promise future earnings growth, or pay out generous dividends.

It’s too early to declare the “new normal” era over. After all, the ECB is still spending 60 billion euros a month buying bonds. And though the yield on 10-year German government bonds has jumped from 0.24 percent to 0.46 percent in less than a week, it remains lower than at the beginning of 2016.

Signs of a revival could also prove false. Hopes that President Donald Trump’s election last November would lead to growth-boosting tax cuts and spending on infrastructure have largely faded. Central banks know tightening monetary policy too quickly could knock markets, and in turn the confidence of consumers and companies. Nevertheless, the touchstones of the post-crisis era are wobbling. Investors will need to get used to the view from under the bed.

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

A new offer to work with Russia on the Syria crisis on Wednesday (July 6). U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson saying Washington is open to enforcing no-fly zones in the war-torn country in coordination with Moscow. Joint efforts may also include on-the-ground truce monitors and delivery of humanitarian aid to Syrians. All of those, likely talking points on Friday at an expected meeting between Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the G20 in Germany. Tillerson spoke to reporters before taking off for the summit. "I think the important aspect of this is that this is where we've begun an effort to begin to rebuild confidence between ourselves and Russia at the military-to-military level but also at the diplomatic level," said Tillerson. Tillerson didn't bring up the future of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who the U.S. largely blames for six years of civil war, calling for him to step down. Russia is Assad's major ally. Tillerson did say Moscow has an obligation to prevent the use of chemical weapons in Syria. Washington hit a Syrian air base with a missile strike in April after it accused Assad's government of killing dozens in a chemical attack.

~_~

U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley says, ''If we act together we can still prevent a catastrophe and we can rid the world of a grave threat,'' in response to Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) STORY: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday (July 5) that North Korea's actions were "quickly closing off the possibility of a diplomatic solution" and the United States was prepared to defend itself and its allies. "One of our capabilities lies with our considerable military forces. We will use them if we must, but we prefer not to have to go in that direction," Haley told a U.N. Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's recent intercontinental ballistic missile launch. She said the United States would propose new U.N. sanctions on North Korea "in the coming days." She also warned that Washington was prepared to cut off trade with countries trading with North Korea in violation of U.N. resolutions.

~_~

UPSOT "Eyes top left, eyes top right." Checking your identity using simulated human cognition aiThenticate say their system goes way beyond conventional facial recognition systems or the biometrics of passwords, fingerprints and eyescans AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "We need to have a much greater level of a certainty who somebody actually is. In order to answer that question, we appealed to deep science, deep learning, to develop an AI method, artificial intelligence method, in other words to replicate or to mimic or to simulate the way that we as humans, intuitively and instinctively go by recognizing somebody's head, is very different to the conventional traditional way of face recognition, finger print recognition, for that reason really represents the next generation of authentication technologies or methods." aiDX uses 16 distinct tests to recognise someone - including eye prints - using a standard off the shelf smart phone to access encrypted data stored in the cloud it can operate in active mode - asking the user taking a simple selfie or discreetly in the background AITHENTICATE CEO ANDRÉ IMMELMAN "It has applications in the security sense, it has applications in a customer services sense, you know this kind of things the bank calls you up and says: this is your bank calling, please, where you live, what is your mother's name, what's your dog favourite hobby, whatever the case it may be. It takes that kind of guess work out of the equation completely and it answers the, "who" question to much greater levels of confidence or certainty, than what traditional or conventional biometrics have been able to do in the past." UPSOT "Halt" "My name's Ben Affleck" Let me confirm that....The system has confirmed that you are somebody else." Billions of dollars a year are lost to identity theft globally. aiThenticate hope their new system can help stop at least some of that illegal trade

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

BEIJING China said on Thursday it was absurd for India to use the excuse of Chinese road-building to cross over their border, and accused India of militarising its side of the frontier.

A stand-off on a plateau next to the mountainous Indian state of Sikkim, which borders China, has ratcheted up tension between the neighbouring giants, who share a 3,500 km (2,175 miles) frontier, large parts of which are disputed.

According to the Chinese interpretation of events, Indian guards crossed into China's Donglang region early in June and obstructed work on a road on the plateau.

Troops from the two sides then confronted each other close to a valley controlled by China that separates India from Bhutan - a close Indian ally - and gives China access to the so-called Chicken's Neck, a thin strip of land that connects India to its remote northeastern regions.

India has said it had warned China that construction of the road near their common border would have serious security implications.

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang, speaking at a daily news briefing, again urged India to withdraw its personnel to the Indian side "to avoid there being an even more serious situation creating even more serious consequences".

Geng said China did not understand what reason India had for believing the road was a security risk, and that China had every right to build roads in its own territory.

It was "ridiculous" for India to cross the border on the pretext of concern over the road, he added.

"Over the past few years it's actually been India that has in the Sikkim sector of the China-India border who has been building a great number of facilities and deploying a large number of forces," Geng said.

In some areas they have been building military facilities including fortifications, he added.

"I don't know whether India has considered China's security concerns while doing these things."

(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Robert Birsel)

~_~

Labourers pluck tea leaves in a tea plantation at Shipaidura village, about 40 km (25 miles) north of the northeastern hill resort of Darjeeling, June 23, 2008. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri/Files

Supporters of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) rally as they carry bodies of protesters who were killed in clashes with security forces on Saturday, in Darjeeling, India June 18, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer/Files

MUMBAI/KOLKATA Ethnic unrest in India's Darjeeling hills has wiped out the harvest of the world's most expensive tea, disrupting supplies to European buyers and potentially pushing prices higher.

Protests by Gorkhas, ethnic Nepalese living in West Bengal state, halted the plucking of Darjeeling's premium "second flush" tea crop, named for the harvest period that starts in mid-May and peaks in June.

Second flush Darjeeling teas are prized by tea consumers for their amber colour and muscatel flavour that is unique to the region and harvest timing. The taste and colour characteristics are the result of genetic changes to the tea leaves caused by insects that infest the plants before the second flush harvest.

Some second flush teas have sold for as much as $1,850 a kg because of this uniqueness. Losing the second flush harvest will cut grower's incomes and leave blenders scrambling to find substitutes.

"This is the first time we lost the entire second flush," said A.N. Singh, managing director of Goodricke Group, a Kolkata-based producer with gardens in Darjeeling.

"The viability of tea estates is totally dependent on the second flush volume and quality. This is 20 percent in terms of volume and 40 percent in terms of revenue. This is a complete disaster for the industry."

Tea plucking has been suspended since June 9 after the Gorkha community started strikes and protests, which turned violent, demanding a separate state within India to protect their Himalayan culture.

Later flushes would not compensate for the second flush loss since they yield comparatively poorer crops.

Key buyers of Darjeeling tea are Germany's Hälssen & Lyon, London-based Unilever and prominent UK brands Typhoo, Twinings and Tetley.

Second flush Darjeeling teas average about 1,000 rupees ($15.45) a kg, and more exotic varieties can command 5,000 rupees ($77.20) versus only 130 rupees ($2.01) for black tea grown in neighbouring Assam state.

SIGNIFICANT PRICE HIKES

"Without doubt this crisis will lead to further price increases," said Angela Pryce, an independent tea consultant with 15 years of experience as a blender and taster at Twinings.

"If supply becomes untenable then brands may look at their blends to replace Darjeeling teas where possible, though for pure Darjeeling blends this will have a number of impacts - either a significant price hike, or an out of stock situation."

Darjeeling produces about 8 million kg of tea per year, more than two-thirds of which is exported mainly to Europe. Global tea production in 2016 was 5.46 billion kg, according to International Tea Committee data.

"We have been sourcing teas for more than 300 years and disruption of all sorts, including this type, is something we have to contend with from time to time," said a spokesman from Twinings, owned by Associated British Foods.

Darjeeling tea planters like Goodricke Group have already lost more than 2.6 billion rupees, or about $40 million, in potential revenues due to the turmoil, said Kaushik Basu, secretary of the Darjeeling Tea Association (DTA), representing more than 100 tea exporters in the region. "Unfortunately, the indefinite shutdown is still on and no one knows when there would be a respite," said Basu.

Three Gorkha activists have died in clashes with police, while dozens of security personnel have been seriously injured during the current unrest. At least 1,200 people died during the first Gorkhaland protests in the 1980s.

The plucking delay has caused the loss of the entire July crop as well since workers have been unable to maintain the plants to cause them to grow leaves.

"First we have to slash tea bushes then only leaves will grow and become ready for plucking after three weeks," said Kalyan Sundaram, secretary of the Calcutta Tea Traders Association.

"I would expect many brands to have second flush stock (season 2016) to cover until around September 2017, at which point inventory will become exhausted," tea consultant Pryce said.

($1 = 64.7575 Indian rupees)

(Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav and Subrata Nagchoudhury; Additional reporting by James Davey and Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Krishna N. Das and Christian Schmollinger)

~_~

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi stands next to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, as they meet Moshe Holtzberg whose parents were killed during the November 2008 attacks in Mumbai at Nariman House, home to the Mumbai chapter of the Chabad-Lubavitch Jewish movement, in Jerusalem July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Atef Safadi/Pool

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi listens to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during an exchange of co-operation agreements ceremony in Jerusalem July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as they deliver joint statements during an exchange of co-operation agreements ceremony in Jerusalem July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu joke during an exchange of co-operation agreements ceremony in Jerusalem July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen

Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi hugs with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as they deliver joint statements during an exchange of co-operation agreements ceremony in Jerusalem July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen

TEL AVIV In the months leading up to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's historic visit to Israel, India signed two arms deals, spending $2.6 billion (£2 billion) on Israeli missile defence systems.

Yet since Modi arrived on Tuesday, military ties -- for decades the secretive bedrock of India-Israel relations -- have taken a back seat. The governments have instead spent time discussing companies that sell medical devices, hi-tech and water systems.

Rather than making the visit, the first by a sitting Indian prime minister, all about the value of deals signed, Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Modi appear intent on playing up shared culture and values, in the hope this will give commercial ties deeper roots.

Under Arab pressure, India kept its distance from Israel for decades but is now seeing advantages in a complementary relationship with Israel. There is interest on both sides in building a broad economic base, rather than merely a contractual exchange based around defence.

The timing reflects a diplomatic shift towards Israel being more accepted in the region. Modi, who is acutely conscious of the need to adopt innovation and new technology to update India's infrastructure has always had a personal affinity for Israel and came to learn more about the country before he became premier.

"India and Israel are walking hand in hand into the future as partners," Modi and Netanyahu wrote in a joint editorial this week. "From start-ups to space, communications to cybernetics, Israel's technological capabilities are merging with India's."

The two men are spending 48 hours together with Modi, accompanied by Indian business leaders, getting a political and business tour that covers Israeli history, culture and innovation, as well as the signing of economic agreements.

HOPES FOR MORE DEALS

"What's it going to take to get Israeli money to take India seriously? Just open their eyes," Jon Medved, CEO of Israeli equity crowdfunding group OurCrowd said. "The problem is their eyes are ... blinded by the China opportunity," he added.

There have only been a handful of Indian investments in Israel over the past decade, as opposed to the $16.5 billion received from China in 2016 alone.

OurCrowd just closed three deals with India, joining with Reliance Industries for a hi-tech incubator that helps to grow young companies in Jerusalem, bringing Israeli technology to India with Reliance Capital, and collaborating with India's Lets Venture to invest in start-ups.

During Modi's visit, Zebra Medical Vision, a company from a kibbutz near Tel Aviv, and Bangalore-based Teleradiology Solutions will sign a partnership to use analytics in 150 health-care centres.

Looking to reorient Israel's economy towards Asia, Netanyahu hopes more deals will follow, setting a goal of increasing exports to India by 25 percent in the next four years. But it may take a while before the Modi-Netanyahu relationship sparks a serious expansion in investment and trade, both of which remain relatively negligible.

In many respects export-dependent Israel and India, which is focused on supplying its huge population, are complementary.

Israel is a global leader in water and food systems, two critical fields India needs to upgrade. India wants to strengthen its manufacturing base and is looking to do so with technologies coming from Israel. Both countries host major diamond trading and polishing hubs.

DIAMOND TRADE SPARKLES

Israeli exports to India last year totalled $1.15 billion, excluding diamonds, just 2.5 percent of total exports. Bilateral trade was less than $2 billion, which jumped to $4.13 billion including diamonds. Israel's foreign direct investment in India totals only $100 million.

"It's nothing, it's a blip. Why hasn't the relationship grown to the level it should have?" said A. Didar Singh, secretary general of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce.

Singh said more needed to be done to ease regulations, lower non-tariff barriers and solve licensing problems.

Incentives and lifting of red tape could help overcome what diplomats, lobbyists and business owners say is a cultural divide between the breakneck pace of Israel's start-up scene and India's more gradual approach.

It can take time to cement negotiations in India, where building trust and a relationship is paramount, said Elias Ghosalkar, a former investment banker from Mumbai who is director of corporate development for OurCrowd after moving to Israel last year.

"Israelis on the other hand are quite direct and lack patience in their business approach," he told Reuters.

Israel's ambassador to India, Daniel Carmon, said it is becoming easier to do business between the two countries, even if there may remain some differences in practice.

"It could be that the Israeli businessman arrives on a Monday flight and wants to return on Thursday with a deal in hand. I say to him 'forget it'. It's not going to happen. There are processes, the processes take time, not four days," he said.

(Editing by Luke Baker and Peter Millership)

~_~

MUMBAI Jumbotail, an Indian startup building an online wholesale marketplace for groceries, has raised $8.5 million in a funding round led by venture firm Kalaari Capital with the participation of Nexus Venture Partners.

The Bengaluru-headquartered company will use the new funds to enhance technology and operational capabilities, Nexus said in a statement on Thursday.

Founded in 2015 with a funding of $2 million by Nexus, Jumbotail has started operations in the southern city of Bengaluru and plans to gradually expand across the country.

(Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal; Editing by Rafael Nam)

~_~

Kundapur Vaman Kamath, president of the New Development Bank (NDB), attends a session where New Development Bank holds its first green bond roadshow, in Shanghai, China July 12, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song

SHANGHAI The New Development Bank (NDB) set up by the BRICS group of emerging economies is looking raise money by issuing dollar-denominated bonds later this year, the agency's president, K.V. Kamath, said on Thursday.

Speaking to reporters at a briefing, Kamath said that he expected progress on securing an investment rating by an international rating agency this year, enabling the bank to tap global markets for dollar funding "towards the very end of the year."

Kamath said leaders of the BRICS countries--which comprise Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa--have indicated they would like to see local currency bonds as a means of finance, in addition to dollar bond issuance.

The NDB will look at issuing bonds in one or two member countries in the second half of the year, Kamath said, adding that India's masala bond market looked attractive.

Kamath has previously said that the NDB plans to raise up to $500 million via masala bonds, which are rupee-denominated bonds sold outside of India, in the second half of 2017.

Kamath also saw potential in issuing bonds in Russia and South Africa depending on market conditions.

The NDB issued 3 billion yuan ($440.95 million) in green bonds in China's interbank market last year to support clean and renewable energy use.

(Reporting by Andrew Galbraith; Editing by Sam Holmes)

~_~

NAIROBI For tourists, Kenya conjures up images of sun-drenched beaches, lazing lions, and sunsets on the savannah, but this week children in the highlands were delighted by a rare visitor to the equatorial country: hail.

The heavy ice storms sheathed roads and homes in white, leading many newspapers to mistakenly declare there had been a snowstorm.

"Once the hail stopped, people went outside to play with it, excited at the sight outside, and roads were closed," said elder James Mburu Ngethe, who lives in the central Kenyan village of Limunga.

But farmers were less thrilled after precious crops were ruined by the sudden swathes of ice.

"People were expecting rainfall, but not this. It has destroyed crops and fodder for livestock, and for anyone with a defective roof, it went through it," said Ngethe.

After many Kenyans posted pictures and videos on social media saying it had snowed, the weather office moved quickly to dampen their excitement.

"The phenomena observed... was not snow as alleged by many Kenyans, it was actually a hail storm," Peter Ambenje, chief executive officer of the Kenya Meteorological Department said in a statement on Wednesday.

"When the initial hailstones hit the ground, they cool it. Hence subsequent hailstones accumulate on the ground forming heaps or sheets depending on the size of the hailstones."

The only snow normally seen in Kenya is on top of the country's highest mountain, 5,199-metre (17,057 ft) Mount Kenya. But in 2008 and 2010 similar hailstorms also hit central parts of the country.

(Writing by Katharine Houreld; Editing by Gareth Jones)

~_~

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (L) shakes hands with European Council President Donald Tusk at the end of a EU-JAPAN summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

TOKYO Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday welcomed political agreement on free trade with European Union, saying that the accord demonstrated both regions' will to counter a rising tide of protectionism.

At a joint news conference with EU leaders in Brussels, Abe said the deal would give a big impact on global economy as it came just a day before a G20 leaders' summit in Hamburg, in which trade is high on agenda amid protectionism.

He said the trade pact provides a "win-win" situation for both Japan and Europe, benefiting consumers of the both regions.

Abe said the bilateral trade deal holds as high a level of quality as the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, and that it should encourage early enactment of the TPP after President Donald Trump decided to pull the U.S. out of it.

Japan and EU also agreed North Korea poses a common threat that the both sides should tackle as a matter of utmost urgency, he added.

(Reporting by Tetsushi Kajimoto and Kaori Kaneko; Editing by Richard Borsuk)

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, poses for a photo as he arrives at the Reuters offices for an interview in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

Andrew Bailey, Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Conduct Authority, speaks during a 'Reuters Newsmaker' interview at the Reuters offices in London, Britain, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay

LONDON Finance firms should not be forced by regulators to change location after Britain leaves the European Union in 2019, Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the UK's Financial Conduct Authority told a Reuters Newsmaker event on Thursday.

Banks, insurers and asset managers based in Britain are already making contingency plans to shift some operations to continental Europe after Brexit takes effect in case access to the EU single market is closed off.

But Bailey said Britain and the EU are in a position to preserve free trade for financial services, meaning such moves need not happen.

"Firms should be able to take their own decisions on where they locate, subject to appropriate regulatory arrangements being in place which preserve the public interest," Bailey said, in his first major speech on Brexit since Britain triggered the formal EU divorce proceedings in March.

"Authorities should not dictate the location of firms," he told an audience in Canary Wharf, home to some of the world's biggest banks.

Future financial sector relations between Britain and the EU should be based on "mutual recognition" or regulatory cooperation "but not exact mirroring" of rules, Bailey said.

Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, Luxembourg and Dublin are all vying for a slice of Britain's financial services industry after Brexit. Bailey said such competition was good.

But he also said Brexit should not be used as an excuse to restrict the ability to have open markets and freedom of location.

"The roots exist to come out with sensible outcomes on this."

Some companies have already announced plans to move people to continental European locations to retain access to the EU single market. Bailey said a transition period based on current trading arrangements was needed this year.

This would avoid a "regrettable" situation whereby firms had to "press the button" on moves to the EU before they know what the outcome of Britain's negotiations with the bloc will be.

"It needs to be a sensible period," Bailey said.

Bailey questioned whether restricting trade in this way was an inevitable or necessary response to Brexit.

"When I hear people say firms need to re-locate in order to continue to benefit from access to EU financial markets, I start to seriously wonder."

NO LOCATION POLICIES

France and other EU countries, for example, want the clearing of euro denominated derivatives, which London dominates, "located" within the EU after Brexit.

"It does not require a location policy," Bailey said.

Joint oversight with the EU of clearing houses in London is "something that is very clearly preferable to the cost and risk that is introduced by a location based policy."

Such joint oversight was already working well between the UK and United States regulators in clearing, he said.

He dismissed talk in the EU that given the dominance of Britain's financial services sector, the largest in Europe, there should be specific rules for the UK, rather than the existing general regime for recognising non-EU financial firms.

"I do not accept that," Bailey said.

Non-EU financial firms from the United States, Singapore and elsewhere can currently offer their services in the EU if their home regulation is deemed by Brussels to be "equivalent" or as tough as the bloc's own rules.

This regime should be applied to Britain in the same way.

"It would not be the best outcome to adopt a special treatment for the oversight of outsourced service provision arrangements involving the UK and EU when there are already arrangements in place which can form the basis of an equivalence arrangement," Bailey said.

NO RACE TO THE BOTTOM

Britain was not interested in a "race to the bottom" in regulation after Brexit, he said.

Britain has worked hard over the years to build up relations with EU and national regulators across the bloc, he said, though he conceded that he was already being locked out of EU regulatory discussions about Brexit.

"It's perfectly reasonable ... It does not concern me."

There are already fears that asset managers in Britain will be prevented from managing funds based in the EU after Brexit, but Bailey said this longstanding cross-border "delegation" should continue.

"It works well today. There is no reason to disrupt that model," Bailey said.

Critics of Brexit have said that Britain will end up being a "rule taker", meaning it will have to copy and paste the bloc's rules into UK law if it wants to maintain access in financial services.

"I don't want to be in a situation where we become a pure rule taker," Bailey said.

For live link to Newsmaker click on reut.rs/2thSd4S

(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Jason Neely and Jane Merriman)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: European Union Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier looks on during a news conference after a European General Affairs Ministers meeting in Brussels, Belgium May 22, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal/File Photo

BRUSSELS The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier warned British ministers and businesses who are calling for "frictionless trade" with the EU after Britain leaves that that is "not possible".

Addressing an EU business forum in Brussels on Thursday, Barnier said London's "red lines" for a future trade relationship meant Britain was definitely leaving the single market and the customs union, and only membership of both allowed "frictionless" trading arrangements.

But Britain will stick by its aim to get a comprehensive free trade deal and customs agreement with the EU to ensure that trade is "as frictionless as possible" once it has left the bloc, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said.

Barnier said he was unsure the EU's refusal to grant single market access piecemeal and insistence on control of standards in the single market "have been fully understood across the Channel".

"I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits - that is not possible," he said. "I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and build a customs union to achieve 'frictionless trade' – that is not possible."

Stressing that time was tight for a deal by the time Britain automatically leaves the bloc on March 30, 2019 - "time flies", he said. Barnier said he was ready to handle a failure of talks and "no deal" but that would be damaging, especially to Britain, and he saw "no reasonable justification" for it.

"A fair deal is far better than no deal," he said, turning around a phrase popularized by May that no deal is better than a bad deal.

He called for rapid agreement on priority issues in talks begun last month to build a "climate of trust" so that trade negotiations could begin as soon as possible. But in urging businesses to prepare for Brexit now, he stressed that whatever deal was done would carry "significant consequences".

"A trading relationship with a country that does not belong to the European Union obviously involves friction," Barnier said. He cited disruption to cross-border traders processing value-added tax (VAT) and a need for all EU imports of animals and animal products to be tested at borders.

Those issues are of particular concern in Ireland, where farming businesses on either side of the new UK-EU border on the island fear disruption. Barnier repeated EU willingness to make a priority of agreeing border issues on Ireland, where leaders on all sides fear a "hard" frontier could also undermine the fragile peace in the British province of Northern Ireland.

The EU's conclusion of a free trade deal with Japan on Thursday was hailed by EU leaders as a sign of what the combined economic power of the bloc can achieve - and of what Britain will miss when it leaves.

"In the context of the discussion about Brexit, we have heard statements claiming that it isn't worth being in the European Union, as it is easier to do global trade outside of the EU," European Council President Donald Tusk said.

"Today we have shown that this is not true," he said.

EU Agriculture Commissioner Phil Hogan said the deal which will open Japan to European high-value food and drink exports, "shows the importance of size in global trade negotiations".

"No individual member state could ever hope to achieve what the EU can achieve together," Hogan said.

The EU hopes it will take effect in early 2019, just when Britain is leaving. London, where Trade Secretary Liam Fox welcomed the EU-Japan deal, may seek to emulate its benefits for the likes of Britain's hugely valuable Scotch whisky exports.

(Additional reporting by Elizabeth Piper; Editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek and Louise Ireland)

~_~

LONDON British trade minister Liam Fox welcomed a free trade pact between the European Union and Japan on Thursday, urging the two sides to maintain momentum as they finalize details of the deal.

European Council President Donald Tusk said on Thursday the agreement was concluded at a meeting with visiting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.

Signed in Brussels, the "political agreement" is heavy with symbolism and leaves some areas of negotiation still to finish, though officials insist key snags were overcome this week.

"I am pleased to see encouraging progress on such an ambitious trading agreement. I urge both sides to maintain momentum as they work towards a swift conclusion of this deal," Fox said in a statement.

(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, editing by Elizabeth Piper)

~_~

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (C) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk (L) and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Walschaerts/Pool

BRUSSELS Japan and the European Union agreed on Thursday to a free trade pact, signalling their opposition to what they see as U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist turn.

Signed in Brussels on the eve of meetings with Trump at a G20 summit in Hamburg, the "political agreement" between two of the world's biggest economies is heavy with symbolism and leaves some areas of negotiation still to finish, though officials insist the key snags were overcome this week.

"We promised to do everything in our power to conclude political and trade talks between Japan and the European Union on the eve of the G20 summit. And we did it," European Council President Donald Tusk told a news conference.

In the works for four years, what will be known as the EU-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement, has been pushed over the line towards a final treaty signature in the coming months by the election of Trump and his moves to ditch a Pacific trade pact that included Japan and leave talks with the EU in limbo.

Fears of cheaper import competition for European carmakers and Japanese dairy producers were among the thorniest issues, but officials said they shared alarm at Trump's apparent shift away from multilateral open trading systems towards an aggressive "America First" policy.

"Together, we are sending a strong message to the world that we stand for open and fair trade. As far as we are concerned, there is no protection in protectionism," European Commission President Jean Claude Juncker said.

Tariffs on much of their bilateral trade will be phased out over some years and other areas of commerce, such as Japan's public tender system, will be opened up.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that with 40 percent of world trade, the EU and Japan would form the world's biggest open economic area, accounting for a third of global economic output.

One detail still to be ironed out in the coming months is how disputes arising from the treaty will be settled -- a touchy subject in Europe due to concerns that such pacts give too much power to big business.

The accord, EU and Japanese officials say, will boost trade and jobs. The European Union currently exports nearly 90 billion euros ($100 billion) of goods and services to Japan.

(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald, Robert-Jan Bartunek and Elizabeth Miles Editing Alissa de Carbonnel/Jeremy Gaunt)

~_~

An Indonesia Rupiah note is seen in this picture illustration June 2, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White/Illustration

JAKARTA Indonesia's government has proposed to parliament to hike 2017 spending and cut the revenue target, resulting in a wider budget deficit that almost reaches the legal limit, according to a government document.

By Indonesian law, the combined budget deficits of the central and regional governments in one year could not exceed 3 percent of gross domestic product (GDP).

The proposed revisions to the central government's 2017 budget, released on Thursday, would create a fiscal deficit of 2.92 percent, a finance ministry document showed.

However, the ministry said the revisions do not mean the 3 percent legal limit might be breached, as traditionally not all of the approved budget is spent.

In the ministry's view, this year's fiscal deficit will be 2.67 percent of GDP. That's above the original budget projection of 2.41 percent, but well below 3 percent.

The documents showed the ministry expects a shortfall of 36.16 trillion rupiah ($2.70 billion) in 2017 total revenue, due to less-than-initially-expected tax receipts. That would reduce the total revenue to 1,714.13 trillion rupiah.

The government plans to increase spending by 30.91 trillion rupiah, which would lift total budgeted spending to 2,111.36 trillion rupiah.

Included in the proposed extra spending are bigger allocations for connectivity infrastructure, improvement of prisons and preparations for the 2018 Asian Games, which Indonesia will host.

The government also proposed a 33.4 percent increase in energy subsidies to 103.11 trillion rupiah, due to higher global oil prices.

The proposed changes need to be approved by parliament, which will have deliberations about them with the government.

(Reporting by Gayatri Suroyo; Editing by Richard Borsuk)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: European Union Chief Negotiator for Brexit Michel Barnier looks on during a news conference after a European General Affairs Ministers meeting in Brussels, Belgium May 22, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal/File Photo

BRUSSELS The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier warned British ministers and businesses who are calling for "frictionless trade" with the EU after Britain leaves that that is "not possible".

Addressing an EU business forum in Brussels on Thursday, Barnier said London's "red lines" for a future trade relationship meant Britain was definitely leaving the single market and the customs union, and only membership of both allowed "frictionless" trading arrangements.

But Britain will stick by its aim to get a comprehensive free trade deal and customs agreement with the EU to ensure that trade is "as frictionless as possible" once it has left the bloc, a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said.

Barnier said he was unsure the EU's refusal to grant single market access piecemeal and insistence on control of standards in the single market "have been fully understood across the Channel".

"I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits - that is not possible," he said. "I have heard some people in the UK argue that one can leave the single market and build a customs union to achieve 'frictionless trade' – that is not possible."

Stressing that time was tight for a deal by the time Britain automatically leaves the bloc on March 30, 2019 - "time flies", he said. Barnier said he was ready to handle a failure of talks and "no deal" but that would be damaging, especially to Britain, and he saw "no reasonable justification" for it.

"A fair deal is far better than no deal," he said, turning around a phrase popularized by May that no deal is better than a bad deal.

He called for rapid agreement on priority issues in talks begun last month to build a "climate of trust" so that trade negotiations could begin as soon as possible. But in urging businesses to prepare for Brexit now, he stressed that whatever deal was done would carry "significant consequences".

"A trading relationship with a country that does not belong to the European Union obviously involves friction," Barnier said. He cited disruption to cross-border traders processing value-added tax (VAT) and a need for all EU imports of animals and animal products to be tested at borders.

Those issues are of particular concern in Ireland, where farming businesses on either side of the new UK-EU border on the island fear disruption. Barnier repeated EU willingness to make a priority of agreeing border issues on Ireland, where leaders on all sides fear a "hard" frontier could also undermine the fragile peace in the British province of Northern Ireland.

The EU's conclusion of a free trade deal with Japan on Thursday was hailed by EU leaders as a sign of what the combined economic power of the bloc can achieve - and of what Britain will miss when it leaves.

"In the context of the discussion about Brexit, we have heard statements claiming that it isn't worth being in the European Union, as it is easier to do global trade outside of the EU," European Council President Donald Tusk said.

"Today we have shown that this is not true," he said.

EU Agriculture Commissioner Phil Hogan said the deal which will open Japan to European high-value food and drink exports, "shows the importance of size in global trade negotiations".

"No individual member state could ever hope to achieve what the EU can achieve together," Hogan said.

The EU hopes it will take effect in early 2019, just when Britain is leaving. London, where Trade Secretary Liam Fox welcomed the EU-Japan deal, may seek to emulate its benefits for the likes of Britain's hugely valuable Scotch whisky exports.

(Additional reporting by Elizabeth Piper; Editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek and Louise Ireland)

~_~

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (R) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman

Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (C) is welcomed by European Council President Donald Tusk (L) and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at the start of a European Union-Japan summit in Brussels, Belgium July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Walschaerts/Pool

BRUSSELS Japan and the European Union agreed on Thursday to a free trade pact, signalling their opposition to what they see as U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist turn.

Signed in Brussels on the eve of meetings with Trump at a G20 summit in Hamburg, the "political agreement" between two of the world's biggest economies is heavy with symbolism and leaves some areas of negotiation still to finish, though officials insist the key snags were overcome this week.

"We promised to do everything in our power to conclude political and trade talks between Japan and the European Union on the eve of the G20 summit. And we did it," European Council President Donald Tusk told a news conference.

In the works for four years, what will be known as the EU-Japan Economic Partnership Agreement, has been pushed over the line towards a final treaty signature in the coming months by the election of Trump and his moves to ditch a Pacific trade pact that included Japan and leave talks with the EU in limbo.

Fears of cheaper import competition for European carmakers and Japanese dairy producers were among the thorniest issues, but officials said they shared alarm at Trump's apparent shift away from multilateral open trading systems towards an aggressive "America First" policy.

"Together, we are sending a strong message to the world that we stand for open and fair trade. As far as we are concerned, there is no protection in protectionism," European Commission President Jean Claude Juncker said.

Tariffs on much of their bilateral trade will be phased out over some years and other areas of commerce, such as Japan's public tender system, will be opened up.

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that with 40 percent of world trade, the EU and Japan would form the world's biggest open economic area, accounting for a third of global economic output.

One detail still to be ironed out in the coming months is how disputes arising from the treaty will be settled -- a touchy subject in Europe due to concerns that such pacts give too much power to big business.

The accord, EU and Japanese officials say, will boost trade and jobs. The European Union currently exports nearly 90 billion euros ($100 billion) of goods and services to Japan.

(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald, Robert-Jan Bartunek and Elizabeth Miles Editing Alissa de Carbonnel/Jeremy Gaunt)

~_~

Turkey's Minister for EU Affairs Omer Celik reacts during an interview with Reuters in Ankara, Turkey, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas

ANKARA Turkey rejects any proposals to drop European Union accession talks in favour of cooperation in other areas, its EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday ahead of a European Parliament vote on suspending Turkey's membership bid.

Speaking during a visit to Ankara by EU enlargement commissioner Johannes Hahn, Celik said it was wrong for EU lawmakers to call for the suspension of Turkey's membership talks, adding such approaches would benefit neither side.

"We reject with the back of our hand any proposals that there should be strong cooperation between Turkey and the EU in other areas instead of accession talks," Celik told reporters.

On Wednesday, EU lawmakers called for a suspension of Turkey's membership talks with the European Union, saying President Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown on opponents meant Ankara did not meet the bloc's democratic criteria.

A vote on the proposal is expected to pass comfortably on Thursday, but the parliament has limited influence on the issue. The European Commission and EU governments have ignored calls for a formal suspension of a process already in limbo.

Turkey's ties with its European allies have deteriorated since last July's abortive putsch, with Turkey accusing some European states of not showing enough support.

"The European Parliament has failed in its solidarity with Turkey following the coup attempt. We had expected strong support, but the call to end membership talks instead is wrong," Celik said.

Relations soured further in the run-up to an April 16 referendum that narrowly handed Erdogan sweeping presidential powers, as tensions between Turkey and the bloc escalated when some European states barred Turkish ministers from delivering speeches to drum up support ahead of the vote.

In an interview on Wednesday, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told Reuters that Turkey was not responsible for the escalation of tensions between the two sides.

"Europe displaying inappropriate behaviour towards Turkey is not a situation we can accept. Being against our President Erdogan is also not a rational stance from Europe. Europe must decide: ... do they really want to enlarge?" Kurtulmus said.

EU commissioner Hahn said he hoped the interaction between the two sides would lead to a higher level of political dialogue.

"I don't know what will be decided, but I have to stress that the European Parliament is one of the institutions elected by the European citizens. Members of the European Parliament represent the view of their voters," Hahn said.

Kurtulmus said he believed sincere negotiations between the two parties would help resolve issues, and that Europe should take notice of the helping hand Turkey has extended.

EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan and his behaviour towards opponents, both before and after the abortive coup. But they do not want to undermine an agreement struck last year whereby Turkey effectively stopped migrants reaching Greece, easing a crisis that had threatened EU unity.

Celik said Turkey had noted the bloc's criticism regarding its judiciary and freedom of press and expression, but added the EU was blocking the process by not opening new chapters.

(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Daren Butler and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Dominic Evans and Toby Chopra)

~_~

MUMBAI A hike in taxes on gold sales in India could pressure short-term demand from the world's No.2 consumer of the metal, the World Gold Council (WGC) said in a report.

Faltering appetite in a country where gold is used in everything from investment to wedding gifts could drag further on global prices, already trading near their lowest level in 7-weeks.

"In the short-term at least, we believe (the tax) may pose challenges for the industry. Small-scale artisans and retailers with varying degrees of tax compliance may struggle to adapt," the WGC said in a report published on Thursday.

As part of a new nationwide sales tax regime that kicked in on July 1, the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on gold has jumped to 3 percent from 1.2 percent previously.

There have been fears the tax increase could stoke under-the-counter buying and drive up appetite for precious metal smuggled into India, where millions of people store chunks of their wealth in bullion and jewellery.

Meanwhile, the WGC also said a government move to ban cash transactions over 200,000 rupees ($3,090) from April 1 could hurt gold demand in rural areas where farmers often purchase the metal using cash due to limited access to cheques and electronic payment systems.

Two-thirds of India's gold demand comes from rural areas, where jewellery is a traditional store of wealth.

"(The transactions rule's) potential impact isn't entirely clear: it could curb gold purchases; it could encourage gold shoppers to buy smaller amounts of gold spread over more transactions; or it could push a large part of demand underground and encourage a black market in gold," said the WGC.

The group kept its demand estimate for India at 650 to 750 tonnes for 2017, well below average annual demand of 846 tonnes in the past five years.

In the long-term, the GST will have a positive effect on the gold industry by making the sector more transparent and improving the supply chain, the WGC added.

($1 = 64.7675 Indian rupees)

(Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav; Editing by Joseph Radford)

~_~

STRASBOURG The European Parliament on Thursday asked for Turkey's European Union accession talks to be suspended if Ankara implements a constitutional overhaul, backed by a referendum in April, which expands the powers of President Tayyip Erdogan.

The parliament has limited influence on the issue and Turkey said on Thursday it rejected proposals that it drop its EU membership bid in favour of cooperation in other areas.

EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan and his behaviour toward opponents, both before and after an abortive coup against him a year ago. But they do not want to undermine an agreement struck last year whereby Turkey effectively stopped migrants reaching Greece, easing a crisis that had threatened EU unity.

The resolution passed by the parliament on Thursday "calls on the Commission and the member states, in accordance with the Negotiating Framework, to formally suspend the accession negotiations with Turkey without delay if the constitutional reform package is implemented unchanged."

Erdogan's proposed constitution would greatly expand his powers, which he says is necessary to ensure stability in Turkey.

Opposition parties and human rights groups say the reforms threaten judicial independence and push Turkey towards one-man rule. The EU has also expressed concern.

The Venice Commission, a panel of legal experts from the Council of Europe, a rights body to which Turkey belongs, warned in March ahead of Turkey's referendum that the proposed constitutional shakeup represented a "dangerous step backwards" for democracy. Ankara rejected the criticism.

(Reporting by Julia Fioretti in Brussels; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

FRANKFURT The European Central Bank needs to be patient and maintain a steady hand in policy as inflation is still far below its target, its chief economist, Peter Praet, said on Thursday.

His comments may dampen expectations for imminent policy tweaks.

Accelerating growth will increase returns on investments, making borrowing conditions more attractive, essentially providing further accommodation to the economy, Praet said.

But inflation has yet to rise convincingly toward the ECB's target, measured inflation remains exceedingly volatile and price growth expectations are still too low, he said.

"We need patience and persistence," Praet said, repeating ECB President Mario Draghi's message from last week. "Therefore, maintaining a steady hand continues to be critical to fostering a durable convergence of inflation toward our monetary policy aim."

Draghi stirred markets last week when he appeared to open the door to tweaks in policy, fuelling speculation that policymakers could decide as soon as September to reduce asset buys from next year.

He argued that accelerating growth will in itself provide support -- a message Praet repeated on Thursday -- so the ECB could tighten policy somewhat to keep the broad level of financial accommodation unchanged.

Sources then suggested the market had over-interpreted his comments.

Praet, considered a top dove on the rate-setting Governing Council, argued that even the relatively muted baseline projection for inflation in the coming years depends on the ECB's support.

"We need to be persistent, because the baseline scenario for inflation going forward remains crucially contingent on very easy financing conditions which, to a large extent, depend on the current accommodative monetary policy stance."

The ECB is keeping rates in negative territory and buys 60 billion euros worth of debt each month, all in the hope of keeping borrowing costs low to fuel investment and eventually growth.

The bank's next policy meeting will be on July 20.

(Reporting by Balazs Koranyi; editing by Jeremy Gaunt)

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Chinese President Xi Jinping attends a news conference at the Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch

South Korean President Moon Jae-in presides over the National Security Council at the Presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, July 4, 2017. Kim Joo-hyung/Yonhap via REUTERS

The intercontinental ballistic missile Hwasong-14 is seen in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang July 5, 2017. KCNA/via REUTERS

SEOUL South Korea's President Moon Jae-in and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping agreed at a summit meeting on Thursday that North Korea's test-launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile on Tuesday was "unforgivable,", Yonhap news agency reported.

The leaders of the two countries also discussed stronger sanctions and pressure against North Korea at the meeting on the sidelines of a G20 summit in Germany, Yonhap said.

(Reporting by Jack Kim and Christine Kim; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)

~_~

A broker reacts while trading at his computer terminal at a stock brokerage firm in Mumbai, India, February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files

Indian shares rose for a second consecutive session on Thursday, as state-owned lenders such as State Bank of India led the recovery from recent falls, while hopes of positive quarterly earnings also lifted sentiment.

Indexes had fallen in June, snapping a five-month winning run, largely due to sharp falls in state-run lenders amid worries about provisioning levels at a time when the sector is starting bankruptcy proceedings against 12 of the country's largest loan defaulters.

But sentiment is starting to recover, with a trouble-free roll-out of the goods and services tax (GST) adding to hopes of improving corporate profits and stronger economic growth.

"The overall mood in the market is quite positive and expectations of positive quarterly results are making investors make stock-specific moves," said Deven Choksey, managing director, K.R Choksey Investment Managers.

The broader NSE Nifty was up 0.41 percent at9,677.25 as of 0630 GMT, while the benchmark BSE Sensex was 0.48 percent higher at 31,395.66.

The Nifty PSU bank index surged as much as 2.8 percent, advancing for a second session, with Canara Bank Ltd and Syndicate Bank Ltd up more than 3 percent each.

The sub-index had slumped about 6 percent in June.

Meanwhile, shares of Punjab National Bank jumped as much as 4.4 pct after Nomura upgraded the stock to 'Buy' from 'Neutral' on Wednesday.

ITC Ltd, which was down in the last two sessions, rose as much as 2.3 percent on hopes it would be one of the primary beneficiaries of GST because of the lower tax rates for cigarettes.

(Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)

~_~

ISLAMABAD Pakistani Finance Minister Ishaq Dar said on Thursday the government will launch an inquiry into why the rupee plunged 3.1 percent a day earlier and said a new central bank governor would be appointed within two days.

Dar said there was no justification for such a sharp drop, contradicting a statement by the country's central bank, which backed Wednesday's fall in the rupee and said an exchange rate of 108.25 against the dollar would ease balance of payments pressures.

Analysts said the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) had effectively allowed the Pakistani rupee PKR= to devalue by 3.1 percent after nearly two years of being stable at about 104-105 rupees to the dollar.

Pakistan's government has long resisted calls to allow the rupee to weaken, and Wednesday's sharp drop appeared to come as a surprise.

Dar said the government will "take actions" after the inquiry report is received, but did not specify what steps might be taken.

"I don't believe that any individual has this kind of authority to make such a big decision to make an artificial adjustment, and I am calling this artificial," he added.

The minister also said a new central bank governor would be appointed either tonight or on Friday. He did not say if Riaz Riazuddin, the acting governor will be in the running for the job.

(Reporting by Saad Sayeed and Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Richard Borsuk)

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong during a press statement ahead of their meeting at the Chancellory in Berlin, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Michele Tantussi

BERLIN The G20 summit in Germany should strengthen international cooperation and Berlin remains committed to the implementation of a major climate protection agreement, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday on the eve of the gathering in Hamburg.

"We're united in our will to strengthen multilateral relations at the G20 summit, that we need an open society, especially open trade flows," Merkel said during a joint news conference with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.

Merkel added that both countries also supported the implementation of the Paris climate protection agreement - a major international pact of which U.S. President Donald Trump announced the U.S. withdrawal.

Lee said Singapore and Germany were both strongly committed to an open international trading system, adding that he expected a free trade agreement with the European Union to be signed soon.

(Reporting by Michael Nienaber and Michelle Martin; Editing by Madeline Chambers)

~_~

Labourers pluck tea leaves in a tea plantation at Shipaidura village, about 40 km (25 miles) north of the northeastern hill resort of Darjeeling, June 23, 2008. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri/Files

Supporters of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) rally as they carry bodies of protesters who were killed in clashes with security forces on Saturday, in Darjeeling, India June 18, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer/Files

MUMBAI/KOLKATA Ethnic unrest in India's Darjeeling hills has wiped out the harvest of the world's most expensive tea, disrupting supplies to European buyers and potentially pushing prices higher.

Protests by Gorkhas, ethnic Nepalese living in West Bengal state, halted the plucking of Darjeeling's premium "second flush" tea crop, named for the harvest period that starts in mid-May and peaks in June.

Second flush Darjeeling teas are prized by tea consumers for their amber colour and muscatel flavour that is unique to the region and harvest timing. The taste and colour characteristics are the result of genetic changes to the tea leaves caused by insects that infest the plants before the second flush harvest.

Some second flush teas have sold for as much as $1,850 a kg because of this uniqueness. Losing the second flush harvest will cut grower's incomes and leave blenders scrambling to find substitutes.

"This is the first time we lost the entire second flush," said A.N. Singh, managing director of Goodricke Group, a Kolkata-based producer with gardens in Darjeeling.

"The viability of tea estates is totally dependent on the second flush volume and quality. This is 20 percent in terms of volume and 40 percent in terms of revenue. This is a complete disaster for the industry."

Tea plucking has been suspended since June 9 after the Gorkha community started strikes and protests, which turned violent, demanding a separate state within India to protect their Himalayan culture.

Later flushes would not compensate for the second flush loss since they yield comparatively poorer crops.

Key buyers of Darjeeling tea are Germany's Hälssen & Lyon, London-based Unilever and prominent UK brands Typhoo, Twinings and Tetley.

Second flush Darjeeling teas average about 1,000 rupees ($15.45) a kg, and more exotic varieties can command 5,000 rupees ($77.20) versus only 130 rupees ($2.01) for black tea grown in neighbouring Assam state.

SIGNIFICANT PRICE HIKES

"Without doubt this crisis will lead to further price increases," said Angela Pryce, an independent tea consultant with 15 years of experience as a blender and taster at Twinings.

"If supply becomes untenable then brands may look at their blends to replace Darjeeling teas where possible, though for pure Darjeeling blends this will have a number of impacts - either a significant price hike, or an out of stock situation."

Darjeeling produces about 8 million kg of tea per year, more than two-thirds of which is exported mainly to Europe. Global tea production in 2016 was 5.46 billion kg, according to International Tea Committee data.

"We have been sourcing teas for more than 300 years and disruption of all sorts, including this type, is something we have to contend with from time to time," said a spokesman from Twinings, owned by Associated British Foods.

Darjeeling tea planters like Goodricke Group have already lost more than 2.6 billion rupees, or about $40 million, in potential revenues due to the turmoil, said Kaushik Basu, secretary of the Darjeeling Tea Association (DTA), representing more than 100 tea exporters in the region. "Unfortunately, the indefinite shutdown is still on and no one knows when there would be a respite," said Basu.

Three Gorkha activists have died in clashes with police, while dozens of security personnel have been seriously injured during the current unrest. At least 1,200 people died during the first Gorkhaland protests in the 1980s.

The plucking delay has caused the loss of the entire July crop as well since workers have been unable to maintain the plants to cause them to grow leaves.

"First we have to slash tea bushes then only leaves will grow and become ready for plucking after three weeks," said Kalyan Sundaram, secretary of the Calcutta Tea Traders Association.

"I would expect many brands to have second flush stock (season 2016) to cover until around September 2017, at which point inventory will become exhausted," tea consultant Pryce said.

($1 = 64.7575 Indian rupees)

(Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav and Subrata Nagchoudhury; Additional reporting by James Davey and Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Krishna N. Das and Christian Schmollinger)

~_~

MUMBAI (Reuters) - A hike in taxes on gold sales in India could pressure short-term demand from the world's No.2 consumer of the metal, the World Gold Council (WGC) said in a report.

Faltering appetite in a country where gold is used in everything from investment to wedding gifts could drag further on global prices, already trading near their lowest level in 7-weeks.

"In the short-term at least, we believe (the tax) may pose challenges for the industry. Small-scale artisans and retailers with varying degrees of tax compliance may struggle to adapt," the WGC said in a report published on Thursday.

As part of a new nationwide sales tax regime that kicked in on July 1, the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on gold has jumped to 3 percent from 1.2 percent previously.

There have been fears the tax increase could stoke under-the-counter buying and drive up appetite for precious metal smuggled into India, where millions of people store chunks of their wealth in bullion and jewellery.

Meanwhile, the WGC also said a government move to ban cash transactions over 200,000 rupees ($3,090) from April 1 could hurt gold demand in rural areas where farmers often purchase the metal using cash due to limited access to cheques and electronic payment systems.

Two-thirds of India's gold demand comes from rural areas, where jewellery is a traditional store of wealth.

"(The transactions rule's) potential impact isn't entirely clear: it could curb gold purchases; it could encourage gold shoppers to buy smaller amounts of gold spread over more transactions; or it could push a large part of demand underground and encourage a black market in gold," said the WGC.

The group kept its demand estimate for India at 650 to 750 tonnes for 2017, well below average annual demand of 846 tonnes in the past five years.

In the long-term, the GST will have a positive effect on the gold industry by making the sector more transparent and improving the supply chain, the WGC added.

($1 = 64.7675 Indian rupees)

~_~

MUMBAI (Reuters) - A hike in taxes on gold sales in India could stoke under-the-counter buying and drive up appetite for precious metal smuggled into the country, where millions of people store big chunks of their wealth in bullion and jewellery.

As part of a new nationwide sales tax regime that kicked in on July 1, the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on gold has jumped to 3 percent from 1.2 percent previously, with traders and buyers saying the move will likely force more transactions into the black market.

"Three percent is too much. I preferred to buy without receipts. The jeweller did not have any problem," said a middle-aged buyer, who declined to be identified after making purchases on Monday at the country's biggest bullion market, Zaveri Bazaar in Mumbai.

Smaller shops could be more inclined to sell without receipts, potentially hitting sales at big jewellers that keep to the rules, said Harshad Ajmera, the proprietor of JJ Gold House, a wholesaler in the eastern Indian city Kolkata.

"Just to save 1 percent, some customers were earlier buying gold without receipts. With the 3-percent GST, now many more will be tempted to make unofficial purchases from small jewellers," Ajmera said.

The tax hike could also encourage more smuggling into the world's second biggest gold consumer, which buys almost all its bullion abroad.

Gold smuggling has been rife since India raised import duties on the metal to 10 percent in a series of hikes to August 2013, looking to curb demand to narrow a gaping current account deficit.

The World Gold Council estimates smuggling networks imported up to 120 tonnes of gold into India in 2016.

"The GST rate has increased the incentive to bring in smuggled gold. The government should reduce import duty and make smuggling unviable," said Aditya Pethe, a director at Waman Hari Pethe Jewellers in Mumbai.

The country's legal imports typically stand at around 800 tonnes a year, with the metal used in everything from investment to religious donations and wedding gifts.

"A lower import duty would increase legal imports and ultimately legal sales. Tax revenue would go up instead of going down," said Daman Prakash Rathod, director at wholesaler MNC Bullion in the southern city of Chennai.

~_~

MUMBAI (Reuters Breakingviews) - It is hard to let go of a unicorn. Indian e-commerce firm Snapdeal has rejected a roughly $850 million takeover offer from its larger rival Flipkart, a person familiar with the situation told Breakingviews. A sale at this price would fall short of the startup industry’s magical $1 billion-plus mark, let alone the peak valuation of $6.5 billion Snapdeal hit more than a year ago. But the rebuff is probably a mistake: buyers are scarce and a delay is only likely to lead to a lower price.

Japan's SoftBank is the largest shareholder and has been pushing for a quick sale. But it needs the support of other investors including Snapdeal's founders, as it does not control the board of the country's number three e-commerce player. A sale will hurt in the short-run given the technology conglomerate has spent around $1 billion on Snapdeal at valuations up to an estimated $5 billion. However, Reuters reports that founder Masayoshi Son wants to invest a further $1 billion to become a top shareholder in the enlarged entity.

Throwing good money after bad has some logic for the Japanese. The merged group could later be combined with the retail unit of Paytm, another industry player that is backed by Alibaba, the Chinese giant already part-owned by SoftBank. If the end result is a profitable, dominant outfit, that would also help to preserve SoftBank's boasting rights. Leaving aside Alibaba, the Japanese company claims to have earned a 43 percent cumulative return over the past 18 years on internet investments worth $7 billion. At this point, Snapdeal looks like a blot on that record.

With Amazon the only other significant player in the industry, Snapdeal has a poor negotiating position. Flipkart already counts powerhouses like China's Tencent, U.S. marketplace eBay, and Microsoft among its investors. Holdouts may be disappointed with the valuation on the table, and possibly other terms and conditions. But one thing is almost certain: the longer this sale drags out the less Snapdeal will look like a unicorn.

~_~

Vantiv’s shares fell as it revealed a plan to buy UK payment processor Worldpay for $10 billion. Jeff Goldfarb and John Foley discuss the deal’s logic, and why U.S. bank JPMorgan plays an unusual bit part.

~_~

CARACAS (Reuters) - Pipe-wielding government supporters burst into Venezuela's opposition-controlled congress on Wednesday, witnesses said, attacking and besieging lawmakers in the latest flare-up of violence during a political crisis.

The melee, which injured seven opposition politicians, was another worrying flashpoint in a traumatic last three months for the South American OPEC nation, shaken by opposition protests against socialist President Nicolas Maduro.

At least 90 people have died in the unrest, with fighting and barricades frequently blocking cities across Venezuela.

National Assembly president Julio Borges said more than 350 politicians, journalists and guests to the Independence Day session were trapped in the siege that lasted until dusk.

"There are bullets, cars destroyed including mine, blood stains around the (congress) palace," he told reporters. "The violence in Venezuela has a name and surname: Nicolas Maduro."

The crowd had gathered just after dawn outside the building in downtown Caracas, chanting in favour of Maduro, witnesses said. In the late morning, several dozen people ran past the gates with pipes, sticks and stones and went on the attack.

Several injured lawmakers stumbled bloodied and dazed around the assembly's corridors. Some journalists were robbed.

After the morning attack, a crowd of roughly 100 people, many dressed in red and shouting "Long Live The Revolution!", trapped people inside for hours, witnesses said.

Some in the crowd outside the legislature brandished pistols, threatened to cut water and power supplies, and played an audio of former socialist president Hugo Chavez saying "Tremble, oligarchy!" Fireworks were thrown inside.

The worst-hurt lawmaker, Americo De Grazia, was hit on the head, fell unconscious, and was eventually taken by stretcher to an ambulance. His family later said he was out of critical condition and being stitched up.

Downtown Caracas is a traditional stronghold neighbourhood for the government and there has been a string of clashes there since the opposition thrashed the ruling Socialist Party in December 2015 parliamentary elections.

In a speech during a military parade for Independence Day, Maduro condemned the "strange" violence in the assembly and asked for an investigation. But he also challenged the opposition to speak out about violence from within its ranks.

In daily protests since April, young demonstrators have frequently attacked security forces with stones, homemade mortars and Molotov cocktails, and burned property. They killed one man by dousing him in gasoline and setting him on fire.

"I want peace for Venezuela," Maduro said. "I don't accept violence from anyone."

Foreign Condemnation

Opposition lawmaker Luis Stefanelli (L) gestures next to fellow opposition lawmaker Leonardo Regnault after a group of government supporters burst into Venezuela's opposition-controlled National Assembly during a session, in Caracas, Venezuela July 5, 2017. Carlos Garcia Rawlins

Numerous foreign nations repudiated Wednesday's events.

"I condemn the grotesque attack on the Venezuelan assembly," tweeted UK ambassador John Saville.

"This violence, perpetrated during the celebration of Venezuela's independence, is an assault on the democratic principles cherished by the men and women who struggled for Venezuela's independence 206 years ago today," the U.S. State Department said.

Venezuela's opposition is demanding general elections to end socialist rule and solutions to the OPEC nation's brutal economic crisis. The government says its foes are seeking a violent coup with U.S. support.

Earlier, a Venezuelan police officer who staged a helicopter attack on government buildings in Caracas last week appeared in an internet video vowing to continue fighting.

Slideshow (10 Images)

"Once again we are in Caracas, ready and willing to continue our struggle for the liberation of our country," police pilot Oscar Perez said in the video, wearing a military uniform and wool cap, with a Venezuelan flag and rifle behind him.

Perez had not been seen since he hijacked a helicopter last week and flew through Caracas pulling a "Freedom" banner. He opened fire and dropped grenades on the Interior Ministry and Supreme Court but nobody was injured.

Maduro, 54, the successor to Hugo Chavez, called that attack a terrorist assault to overthrow him and lambasted Western nations for not condemning it.

But many government critics doubt the official version, and some even suggested it may have been staged to divert attention from the country's economic and political crises.

In the video, Perez said the attack was "perfectly achieved" with no collateral damage "because it was planned, because we are not murderers like you, Mr. Nicolas Maduro."

Perez said he had staged an emergency landing on the Caribbean coast following the attack, and returned to the capital after hiking through mountains. The Information Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Perez, who has portrayed himself as a James Bond-cum-Rambo figure on social media, also is an actor who starred in a 2015 movie about the rescue of a kidnapped businessman.

Although he has claimed wider support within the security forces, Perez's actions so far appear to be a rogue stunt organised by a small group of disaffected policemen.

Venezuela's opposition says Maduro is seeking to consolidate control through a Constituent Assembly, a superbody that will be elected at the end of July. The opposition has promised to boycott the vote, which it says is rigged in favour of the ruling Socialist Party.

Before the attack on them, opposition lawmakers held a session denouncing the president as a "dictator" and approving a plebiscite that the opposition is organising for July 16, asking Venezuelans what they think of Maduro's plans.

~_~

CARACAS (Reuters) - At least 123 members of Venezuela's armed forces have been detained since anti-government unrest began in April on charges ranging from treason and rebellion to theft and desertion, according to military documents seen by Reuters.

The list of detainees, which includes officers as well as servicemen from the lower ranks of the army, navy, air force and National Guard, provided the clearest picture to date of dissatisfaction and dissent within Venezuela's roughly 150,000-strong military.

The records, detailing prisoners held in three Venezuelan jails, showed that since April nearly 30 members of the military have been detained for deserting or abandoning their post and almost 40 for rebellion, treason, or insubordination.

Most of the remaining military prisoners were charged with theft.

Millions of Venezuelans are suffering from food shortages and soaring inflation caused by a severe economic crisis. Even within the armed forces, salaries start at the minimum wage, equivalent to around $12.50 a month at the black market exchange rate, and privately some members admit to being poorly paid and underfed.

Since the opposition started its protests more than three months ago, a handful of security officials have gone public with their discontent. Last week, rogue policeman and action movie star Oscar Perez commandeered a helicopter and attacked government buildings, claiming that a faction within the armed forces was opposed to Maduro's government.

The military documents seen by Reuters, which covered detentions until mid-June, appeared to support opposition leaders' assertions that anger and dissent among soldiers over economic hardship is more widespread.

"This shows low morale and discontent and, of course, economic necessity," one former army general said of the detentions, asking not to be named for fear of reprisals.

Venezuela's military and Information Ministry did not respond to requests for comment.

Venezuelans view the armed forces as the key power broker in their country. Opposition leaders have repeatedly exhorted military leaders to break with socialist President Nicolas Maduro.

Maduro has said that he is the victim of an "armed insurrection" by U.S.-backed opponents seeking to gain control of the OPEC country's oil wealth. He has said that the top military brass have been standing by him.

The National Guard has been at the forefront of policing protests across the country. It uses tear gas, water cannons, and rubber bullets against masked youths who in turn hurl stones, Molotov cocktails and excrement at security lines. At least 90 people have been killed since April.

Privately, some National Guard members on the streets have acknowledged being exhausted, impoverished and hungry, though most remain impassive during protests and avoid engaging in conversation with reporters.

"Little Rambos"

The documents, which identified detainees by their rank, listed captains, sergeants, lieutenants and regular troops held in three prisons in different parts of Venezuela.

Ninety-one are at Ramo Verde, a hilltop jail near Caracas where opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez is also held.

Another two dozen are at Pica prison in the northeastern city of Maturin and eight are at Santa Ana jail in the western state of Tachira, near the Colombian border.

It was not immediately clear if military prisoners were also being held in other jails.

Three lieutenants fled to Colombia and requested asylum in May, and a man who said he was a Venezuelan naval sergeant appeared in a video published by local media last month expressing his dissent and urging colleagues to disobey "abusive" and "corrupt" superiors.

Maduro has blamed the problems on an "economic war" being waged by the opposition with backing from Washington, a position taken in public by senior military officials.

"Many are seeking ... little 'Rambos' in the armed forces, but you're not going to find them," Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino said in a video published on Monday, alluding to speculation of a military coup.

Perez, who staged the helicopter attack last week against the Interior Ministry and the Supreme Court in Caracas, appeared in an online video on Wednesday vowing to keep up the fight.

"We are fully sure of what we are doing and if we must give up our lives, we will hand them over to the people," Perez said, sitting in front of a Venezuelan flag and rifle.

~_~

CARACAS (Reuters) - Unfazed by Venezuela's political unrest, devastated economy and ranking as one of the world's worst places to do business, two years ago Johel Fernandez started making sweatshirts emblazoned with icons of Caracas for online customers overseas.

Fernandez, 22, is part of a small group of young business people finding opportunities in Venezuela's crisis, building companies in their neighborhoods at a time when many peers are seeking their fortunes abroad.

"Right now there is a movement of entrepreneurs who have decided 'we are not going anywhere.' Venezuela will always be our center of operations," said Fernandez, who markets his products with the slogan "Made with love in Caracas."

Working out of a cramped basement workshop, Fernandez's company Simple Clothing is tiny, selling a few dozen articles a month to the United States, Spain and Britain. But the foreign currency earned goes a long way in a country where many professionals make less than $40 a month.

Triple digit inflation, a recession the central bank says shrank the economy almost a fifth last year and chronic shortages mean socialist-run Venezuela is not the first place that springs to mind to start a company.

The World Bank lists it the fourth-hardest place to do business among 190 countries, ranked between Libya and war-ravaged South Sudan. It takes an average of 230 days to open a Venezuelan business, and just six in neighboring Colombia.

Fernandez's designs of the capital's metro map, its shanty towns and the country's favourite candy brands are popular among the growing diaspora of Venezuelans. He has opened his production to other designers to help them earn hard currency and ride out the recession.

Like other young businessmen he sees running a business as a way of helping Venezuela survive its current decline.

There are even some upsides in the topsy-turvy economy.

Simple Clothing's individualized export business is viable in part because distortions created by multiple currency and price controls make the cost of sending a package abroad much lower than in nearby countries .

"Shipping from Venezuela is currently super cheap, and it is something we can offer our clients," said Fernandez. "We can send it at no extra cost to them."

For example, to send a small package to Spain from Venezuela by Fedex costs just $1.50 at Venezuela's widely used black market rate.

It would cost $56 to send the same package from Mexico, more than the $36 Fernandez sells his sweatshirts for. In bolivars, his clothes are unaffordable for most Venezuelans at home.

Fifteen seamstresses work by contract for specific orders, giving the company flexibility to adapt to occasional scarcity of the right cloth, as well as riots that force them to shutter up several times a week. The flexible hours also give workers time to scour supermarkets for food.

What Fernandez calls "the Venezuelan factor" means orders are occasionally late.

One of the couriers Fernandez uses, DHL, in June postponed flights to and from Venezuela indefinitely. DHL did not give a reason, but several airlines have stopped flying to Venezuela because they are unable to repatriate earnings.

Looking for Alternatives

Despite the challenges, Wayra, a startup accelerator run by Spain's Telefonica, has helped set up 45 tech-oriented companies in Venezuela over five years.

Chef Carlos Garcia (L) looks at the plants at an urban farm in Caracas, Venezuela June 30, 2017. Carlos Garcia Rawlins

Thirty five are still in business, including MundoSinCola, an app that helps save time in Venezuela's infamous lines at banks and government offices.

Wayra's director in Venezuela Gustavo Reyes estimated there were now 20 startups a year in Venezuela, and with better conditions there could be 10 times that.

Startup Weekend, an organization that runs boot camps for entrepreneurs, held six events in four cities in Venezuela last year but has postponed this year because of the crisis.

Ideas at Startup Weekend last year included a mobile application to tell you which supermarkets contained scarce products, said Karina Taboelle, a speaker at the events.

"The crisis has had a positive side in that it has pushed people to look for alternatives, to find solutions focused on the situation in the country," she said.

"Out Into the Street"

Slideshow (4 Images)

To weather shortages, chef Carlos Garcia, who trained at Spain's legendary El Bulli restaurant, travels deep into Venezuela for supplies for his eatery, Alto, the only Venezuelan business on the coveted 50 Best Latin American restaurants list.

"I used to pick up the phone and the things arrived," Garcia said at a recent lunchtime. "The crisis made us go out into the street and work directly with producers."

Now, Alto buys produce from an urban farm in Caracas, from the Andean state of Merida and the tropical hills of Carora. His meat comes from the Orinoco Delta region of Monagas.

"Only the olive oil and some sugars are imported," Garcia said as waiters served meticulously placed vegetables and local staples such as black beans blended into a delicately spiced soup.

A degustation menu, in which patrons sample various foods, costs 35,000 bolivars, or about $4 at the black market rate.

Critics find it offensive that Caracas' high-end restaurants are bustling at a time when it is common to see families looking though garbage for food and malnutrition has soared.

Garcia says the restaurant gives work to 32 people, who are fed twice a day. He points to a giant pot bubbling in the kitchen, cooking a soup that will feed 250 children at a local hospital.

Like Fernandez, he sees building a business at a time of crisis as patriotic, calling it an act of "resistance."

The wave of anti-government protests that began in early April have taken their toll on his business located in an area that often sees clashes between protesters and police. Teargas sometimes drifts between cocoa plants in the restaurant garden.

"There will be no profits this year, the goal is to break even," he said.

"Some mornings I wake up full of hope and belief that this will work out, but today for example I woke up saying, 'I'm not sure if we'll make it.'"

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

LONDON (Reuters) - Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after both were denied a chance to savour match-point glory in their first-round matches.

When seven-times champion Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two, they will be hoping to put on an entertaining show from start to finish after Tuesday's fans were left feeling rather short-changed.

Djokovic, winner of three titles here, was leading Martin Klizan 6-3 2-0 when the injured Slovakian went up to shake hands with the Serb after calling time on the match with only 40 minutes on the clock.

Unbelievably for the Centre Court crowd, there were given a repeat performance just over an hour later when Federer's opponent Alexandr Dolgopolov also pulled out when trailing 3-6 0-3.

While the seven first-round withdrawals in the men's field left many questioning if players who are not fully fit should be allowed to start a tournament, on the women's side of the draw the competitors will be keen to live up to Agnieszka Radwanska's observation that "girls are really, really tough".

The 2012 finalist takes on American Christina McHale while last year's runner up Angelique Kerber, who has struggled to recapture the form that carried her to two grand slam titles last year, will be hoping she survives a tricky match against Belgian Kirsten Flipkens.

~_~

LONDON (Reuters) - Rafa Nadal continued his imperious run of form as he swept aside American Donald Young 6-4 6-2 7-5 in the Wimbledon second round on Wednesday.

The two-times champion was rarely troubled by an opponent ranked 43rd in the world who chose to slug it out from the back of the court against the supreme Spanish baseliner.

The fourth seed, who has yet to drop a set in the tournament, will face Karen Khachanov in the third round. The 21-year-old Russian is tipped to be a future winner of grand slams.

"It might look easy at this moment in our sport, because there are three players that won 18, 15, and 12," he said, referring to Roger Federer, himself and Novak Djokovic.

"But it not a very long time ago when (Pete) Sampras had 14, and it looked like nobody was going to have the chance to increase that number," Nadal added.

"Karen is a great player, he has chances to win a lot. But then there are other good players out there."

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA’s Donald Young celebrates during his second round match against Spain’s Rafael Nadal Tony O'Brien

On current form, few people would bet against Nadal.

The 31-year-old, fresh from winning his 10th French Open title last month, was roared on by the crowd and he seemed to be able to produce winners at will with his swashbuckling forehand.

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 Spain’s Rafael Nadal celebrates winning his second round match against USA’s Donald Young Tony O'Brien

Young, 27, sought to mix up his play in the third set by rushing the net and he broke the Spaniard's serve. But in the end there was nothing he could do to prevent the Nadal juggernaut rolling on.

As Nadal left Centre Court, he was slightly taken aback when a fan asked him to sign a prosthetic leg, but he politely agreed.

Asked whether that was the strangest thing he had autographed, he chuckled: "Probably not".

~_~

LONDON (Reuters) - When Petra Kvitova returned to competition after six months out recovering from a horrific knife attack, the idea of her winning a third Wimbledon title was talked of as a "fairytale".

But there was no happy ending for the Czech, whose bid to repeat her triumphs in 2011 and 2014, ended with a second-round loss to 95th-ranked American Madison Brengle on Wednesday.

Kvitova was listed as one of the tournament favourites, largely due to her triumph in Birmingham last month in her second tournament back after an attacker, in her home in the Czech Republic, left her with badly damaged tendons in her left hand.

But the player, who needed four hours of surgery and spent three months without even touching a racket, says she never bought into the hype and conceded she had struggled physically in her 6-3 1-6 6-2 loss to Brengle.

"My body just didn't really do the best, unfortunately," she said.

"But I was really trying. I fight, but I could just not breathe and I was feeling a bit sick," she added.

"That sometimes happens. Unfortunately it happened at Wimbledon, which is not nice. It was just tough for me to still have the energy to play my aggressive game."

Kvitova said it proved the bookmakers had been wrong.

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA's Madison Brengle in action during her second round match against Czech Republic's Petra Kvitova Andrew Couldridge

"I said before that I didn't really feel the favourite of the tournament and I didn't really think about the title here," she said.

"In Birmingham maybe it was a fairytale but I still have to work hard. The six months is missing. I need to play more matches. I need to practise a lot, as well," she said.

Now Kvitova is hoping to get back to her traditional preparation schedule ahead of August's U.S. Open.

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 Czech Republic's Petra Kvitova during her second round match against USA's Madison Brengle Andrew Couldridge

"It was a difficult six months. It took a lot of energy, as well, and emotionally was tough," she said.

"But now, I should practise as I did before. I still probably will have an eye on the hand but otherwise I think it's getting better. I need to see the hand specialist once again," added the 27-year-old.

A hugely popular personality on the women's tour, Kvitova was able to put her loss in perspective.

"No one knows how hard I had to work to be back, so probably that makes it feel more disappointing than normally it is," she said.

"It's been great to be here again. It was my goal to play this event this year, and that's what I did. But I feel sad that I have to leave so early."

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA’s Venus Williams in action during her second round match against China’s Qiang Wang

LONDON (Reuters) - Five-times champion Venus Williams stayed on course to notch up 100 Wimbledon singles matches as she recovered from a bad start to beat China's Qiang Wang in the second round on Wednesday.

Her 97th contest at the All England Club was not going at all to plan but she recovered to win 4-6 6-4 6-1 on a sultry Court One. A run to the quarter-finals would complete the century for the 37-year-old.

"I had no idea. Wow. I never look at the stats. So, I'd love to reach 100. That would be awesome," Venus, flying the Williams family flag in the absence of her sister and reigning Wimbledon champion Serena who is on maternity leave, told reporters.

"I love doing this. You have to. It's a lot of work, a lot of pressure. It's not easy. Just love."

She has played more matches at Wimbledon than any other active player and, after Petra Kvitova's second-round defeat she is the only former champion left in the women's draw.

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 China’s Qiang Wang in action during her second round match against USA’s Venus Williams Matthew Childs

She needed all her experience to pull out a victory that for long periods looked beyond her as the errors piled up against the 55th-ranked Quiang who played with great poise in what was a only her fourth singles match at Wimbledon.

When Williams served at 3-3, 15-40 in the second set a shock loomed but she scrambled out of trouble and broke in the 10th game with a backhand pass to level the match.

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 USA’s Venus Williams in action during her second round match against China’s Qiang Wang Matthew Childs

She ran away with the decider to book a third-round match against Japan's Naomi Osaka.

Williams came to Wimbledon under a cloud after being involved in a road traffic accident last month in Florida which resulted in the death of a 78-year-old man.

She broke down in tears after being asked about the subsequent police investigation on Monday, but this time was spared any more questions on the subject.

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 4, 2017 Austria’s Dominic Thiem in action during his first round match against Canada’s Vasek Pospisil

LONDON (Reuters) - French Open semi-finalist Dominic Thiem takes on France's Gilles Simon at Wimbledon on Thursday, hoping to make inroads into what has been the weakest grand slam for one of the so-called next generation of men's tennis.

The 23-year-old Austrian eighth seed produced one of his finest displays on clay to knock out holder Novak Djokovic in Paris last month, only to come up against the immovable obstacle of Rafa Nadal in the last four.

But in his past three Wimbledon appearances, Thiem has not made it past the second round - a run he will be hoping to end against 32-year-old Simon, who is ranked 36th in the world.

Simon reached the quarter-finals at the grasscourt slam in 2015 when he lost to Roger Federer in straight sets. He won his first-round match on Tuesday against Chile's Nicolas Jarry.

Thiem came into Wimbledon after losing to the world 222, India's Ramkumar Ramanathan, on the grass in Turkey's Antalya Open. He beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil to reach round two.

~_~

Tourists ride an elephant past the ruins of Cambodia's Bayon temple in Siem Reap December 22, 2012. Picture taken December 22, 2012.

BANGKOK (Reuters) - Hundreds of elephants used in Asia's tourism industry are kept in "severely cruel" conditions, animal welfare group World Animal Protection said on Thursday.

Animal tourism in Asia has drawn increased scrutiny over the past year, partly because of a scandal involving a tiger attraction in Thailand, where wildlife authorities discovered scores of dead tiger cubs.

Almost 80 percent of about 3,000 elephants at tourist venues in Cambodia, India, Laos, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Thailand endure poor living conditions and diets and are overworked, the non-profit said in a report.

Thailand alone has an estimated 4,000 domesticated elephants, many working in the tourism trade, along with about 2,500 wild elephants.

"We want to change the demand from elephant riding and elephant shows toward activities that are elephant-friendly, such as observing elephants," said Jan Schmidt-Burbach, a wildlife expert at World Animal Protection.

"If you can ride or have a selfie with the animal, chances are that is cruel to the animal," he told Reuters.

Thailand, which registered record foreign tourist arrivals last year, has seen a rise of 30 percent in new elephant tourism venues since 2010.

Ittipan Khaolamai, manager of the Royal Elephant Kraal in Ayutthaya province, north of Bangkok, which is home to around 90 elephants, defended the use of elephants as tourist attractions, saying caretakers treated the animals well.

"Most mahouts look after the animals well because their livelihood also depends on the welfare of the elephant," Ittipan added.

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A child plays the game "Honour of Kings" by Tencent at home in Dezhou, Shandong province, China July 2, 2017.

BEIJING/HONG KONG (Reuters) - What's a Chinese girl got to do to get some attention these days? Grow a new skin? Chop off a few heads? For Zeng Xiaoxian, that seemed like the best shot.

​Unable to compete with her boyfriend's obsession with the hugely popular and top-grossing online game "Honour of Kings", the unemployed 23-year-old from Zhejiang province figured she might as well join him.

So began Zeng's journey through Tencent Holdings' fantasy world of kings, queens and life-or-death adventures. A journey that has practically become a full-time job.

"I'm out of work at the moment, so apart from when I'm eating or sleeping I play "Honour of Kings" non-stop until the system kicks me out. A rough estimate would be at least eight hours," she said.

Honour of Kings, a fantasy multiplayer role-playing battle game, is the most popular mobile game in China with around 55 million daily active users, more than Pokemon Go at its peak, and it's the highest-grossing mobile game in China.

Its massive success, however, has drawn scrutiny from China's official media - which described it as "poison" - as well as parents and teachers amid concerns that children are becoming addicted to the game. Half of those playing it are below 24 years of age, according to Chinese mobile data firm Jiguang.

The main criticism of "Honour of Kings" is not due to its violent content, but more about concerns over addiction. China's communist party mouthpiece, the People's Daily, cited examples of teenagers stealing money to spend on game features and also a case of alleged suicide.

FILE PHOTO: Tencent's booth is pictured at the Global Mobile Internet Conference (GMIC) 2017 in Beijing, China April 28, 2017. Jason Lee/File Photo

On Sunday, Tencent, which has a portfolio of more than 200 games, said it would limit "Honour of Kings" players below 12 years of age to one hour of play time each day, while those aged 12 to 18 would be limited to two hours a day.

The secrets to its success include the fact that games are relatively short at around 20 minutes for each and "Honour of Kings" is seen as a social tool, with scores of players telling Reuters it now played a huge part in their social lives.

"It's not just a game, but it's now becoming a crucial part of my social life ... It's crazy, like everyone is playing, and I just don't want to be left out, said Crysal Xu, a 20-year-old university student living in Toronto.

"I am totally addicted to it. I play it during lunch time, class breaks, bus-waiting periods."

Liu Jie, a 24-year-old who works for a local government was caught red-handed when officials from the local disciplinary inspection department burst into his office only to find him playing "Honour of Kings".

For Liu, who said he had to write a letter criticizing his actions, the game is also a spectator sport of sorts.

"Sometimes, you log on not to play the game, but also to check which friends of yours are online, to see how well they have been doing in the battles," Liu said. "

"Once you send them an emoji, you just start talking."

~_~

EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Donald Trump's approach to politics "has gripped the imagination of people around the world", British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Thursday, joking that he would like to be allowed to tweet as much as the U.S. president.

Johnson, famous for his gaffe-prone diplomacy, laughed off a question from the BBC that Trump was not "pretty unpredictable and a bit scary".

"I think actually that Donald Trump's approach to politics has been something that has gripped the imagination of people around the world," Johnson said.

"(Trump) has engaged people in politics in a way we haven't seen for a long time with his tweets and all the rest of it. I certainly wouldn't be allowed to tweet in a way that he does much as I might like to," he said.

"I can see my Foreign Office minders here looking extremely apprehensive."

~_~

A broker reacts while trading at his computer terminal at a stock brokerage firm in Mumbai, India, February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files

Indian shares ended higher for a second consecutive session on Thursday, as state-owned lenders such as State Bank of India led the gains, while hopes of strong corporate earnings also lifted sentiment.

The BSE Sensex ended 0.4 percent higher at a record closing of 31,369.34.

The broader NSE Nifty closed up 0.38 percent at 9,674.55. Earlier in the session, the index breached the 9,700 mark for the first time in a month.

The Nifty PSU Bank index ended 2.4 percent higher and posted its second consecutive session of gains.

(Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)

~_~

MUMBAI Four Indian renewable power producers are planning to raise up to $2.5 billion (1.94 billion pounds) via dollar bonds offshore because of caution among domestic lenders, banking sources said.

In addition to the four solar and wind power firms, a fifth company that invests in renewable projects, Adani Group, has raised $250 million via a loan but has yet to publicly announce the borrowing, the sources told Reuters.

A source working with one of the bond issues said foreign borrowing was attractive because state banks were reluctant to lend due to existing bad loans to the power sector, while domestic banks worried about falling tariffs for solar power.

Foreign investors have been attracted to the sector by India's commitment to expand renewable power capacity, with plans to invest close to $150 billion to meet its 2022 targets, analysts and bankers said.

New York-listed Azure Power Global Ltd (AZRE.N), which has projects in the states of Rajasthan, Punjab and elsewhere, planned to raise $500 million via a dollar issuance, two bankers said.

Continuum Energy, a firm backed by U.S. bank Morgan Stanley that has projects in the southern state of Tamil Nadu and western state of Gujarat, planned to raise $400 million, the two bankers added.

Wind and solar power firm Greenko Group (GRNKF.PK), backed by Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC and Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA), planned a $1 billion issuance to refinance a dollar bond raised three years ago, three bankers said.

IL&FS Energy, which has thermal and solar power projects, was considering a dollar bond issue worth $500 million, said a source with knowledge of the deal but not involved in the process.

The fifth firm, Adani Group, which is controlled by billionaire Gautam Adani, has already raised $250 million via an offshore loan to invest in its solar power project in Karnataka, one of the bankers said.

The companies did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

Solar tariffs hit a new low in May when SBG Cleantech, which has SoftBank Chairman Masayoshi Son as one of its promoters, bid 2.44 per unit for building a solar park in the western state of Rajasthan.

Solar power players bid for the right to build projects on parcels of land that are set aside by the government. The player agreeing to sell the power it generates at the lowest price per kilowatt hour, are leased the land at a nominal price.

Despite the decline in tariffs, overseas investors scouting for higher yields are keen on such dollar bond issues, the bankers said, adding many were drawn by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's commitment to boosting renewable power output.

India, a signatory to the Paris climate accord, has an ambitious plan to raise renewable energy capacity to 175 gigawatts (GW) by 2022 from a current capacity of 57 GW.

Abhishek Tyagi, senior analyst at Moody's, said India would have to invest "close to $150 billion to meet its 2022 renewable energy targets", adding much of that was expected to come from foreign financing due to constraints among domestic lenders.

(Reporting by Promit Mukherjee with Reuters in Mumbai and Krishna Merchant with IFR in Singapore; Additional reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhary; Editing by Euan Rocha and Edmund Blair)

~_~

Trump again demands more NATO spending, mulls 'severe things' on North Korea

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

~_~

Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior advisor of President Donald Trump, arrive aboard Air Force One at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. Army soldiers gather ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump speech in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. Agencja Gazeta/Slawomir Kaminski via REUTERS

A bust of Polish composer Frederic Chopin is flanked by U.S. and Polish flags ahead of the meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Polish President Andrzej Duda during their bilateral meeting, as he visits Poland for the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump arrive at Warsaw military airport in Warsaw, Poland July 5, 2017. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh

U.S. President Donald Trump is greeted by Polish President Andrzej Duda as he visits Poland during the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

U.S. President Donald Trump, Polish President Andrzej Duda and Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic take part in a family photo along with other heads of states and delegates during the Three Seas Initiative Summit in Warsaw, Poland July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria

WARSAW U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May.

He also said Washington was thinking about "severe things" in response to North Korea's test-launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile with the potential to reach Alaska.

Trump told a joint news conference with Polish President Andrzej Duda on Thursday that it was "past time" for all countries in the alliance to "get going" on their financial obligations.

The White House had said Trump would use the stopover in Warsaw to showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which he once called "obsolete", bemoaning allies' repeated failure to spend the recommended 2 percent of GDP on defence.

He had unnerved allies in May, not least those in the east concerned about Russia's more assertive military posture, by failing to explicitly endorse the principle of collective defence enshrined in the NATO treaty.

While he did not directly mention that principle in Warsaw, he did say that the United States was working with Poland to address Russia's "destabilising behaviour". Duda for his part said he believed Trump took Poland's security seriously.

Trump said the United States would confront the threat from North Korea very strongly, and that nations must publicly demonstrate to North Korea that there were consequences for bad behaviour.

Trump has this week expressed frustration that North Korea's neighbour China has not put more pressure on Pyongyang, notably through trade, to try to rein in its weapons programme.

Trump said "something" would have to be done about North Korea. He said he did not draw "red lines", but that Washington would take a look over the coming weeks and months with regard to North Korea.

En route to a potentially fractious G20 summit in Germany, Trump was due to take part in a gathering of leaders from central Europe, Baltic states and the Balkans, an event convened by Poland and Croatia to boost regional trade and infrastructure.

Trump said the United States strongly backed their "Three Seas" initiative.

(Writing by Kevin Liffey; editing by Ralph Boulton)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Members of the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) and Philippine National Police (PNP) operatives meet during their anti-drug operations in Quezon city, metro Manila, Philippines March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

HONG KONG A second Philippine senator has called for an investigation into police conduct after a Reuters report revealed anti-drug squads were sending the bodies of slain suspects to hospital to destroy crime scenes and cover up executions.

A resolution, filed by opposition senator Leila de Lima on Thursday, is the second such request in less than a week and puts the Senate under increasing pressure to act.

The chairman of the Senate Committee on Public Order and Dangerous Drugs, former police chief Panfilo Lacson, told Reuters on Monday he would launch an investigation and invite witnesses named in the article to testify under oath. The Senate reconvenes at the end of July.

De Lima's chief of staff, Fhillip Sawali, said the two separate calls for a probe showed the gravity of the matter.

"It sends a clear message that this is something that is serious, that is worthy of the conduct of a Senate investigation," Sawali told Reuters.

President Rodrigo Duterte's office has yet to comment on the Senate moves.

Thousands have died since Duterte came to power a year ago and declared war on what he called the drugs menace.

The Reuters report, published on June 29, drew on data from two of Metro Manila's five police districts for the first eight months of the drug war along with interviews with witnesses, family members, doctors and police.

It detailed how the Philippine National Police had sent hundreds of dead drug suspects to hospital after anti-drug operations. It showed that the proportion of drug suspects sent to hospital only to be declared dead on arrival rose in step with international and domestic criticism of the drug war.

One police officer who spoke on condition of anonymity explained that the practice of sending drug war corpses to hospital was a tactic to avoid crime scene investigations and media attention.

Interviewed for the report, Metro Manila Police Chief Oscar Albayalde promised to investigate its findings. National Police Chief Ronald dela Rosa, who declined to be interviewed for the article, said later that the police lack the medical training to determine if a suspect is dead or alive.

(Reporting by Clare Baldwin; editing by Janet McBride)

~_~

Myanmar's Foreign Minister Aung San Suu Kyi smiles after a meeting with Norway's Foreign Minister Borge Brende (not in picture) at Myanmar's Foreign Ministry in Naypyitaw, Myanmar July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun

Myanmar's Foreign Minister Aung San Suu Kyi smiles after a meeting with Norway's Foreign Minister Borge Brende (not in picture) at Myanmar's Foreign Ministry in Naypyitaw, Myanmar July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun

Myanmar's Foreign Minister Aung San Suu Kyi waves her hand to Norway's Foreign Minister Borge Brende (not in picture) after their meeting at Myanmar's Foreign Ministry in Naypyitaw, Myanmar July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun

NAYPYITAW Myanmar is considering amendments to a law that human rights monitors say violates free speech and has been used to jail journalists and activists, leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Thursday.

Following a recent spate of arrests of reporters, the United States and the European Union have raised concern that despite Myanmar electing its first civilian government in about half a century, its media face increasing curbs.

Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) has a majority in parliament - and many of its lawmakers are former political prisoners - but the party has not until now prioritised repealing laws that previous governments used to quash dissent.

"About 66(d), the legislature is considering amendments to that particular law," Suu Kyi told a news conference, referring to a broadly worded clause of the Telecommunications Law that prohibits use of the telecoms network to "extort, threaten, obstruct, defame, disturb, inappropriately influence or intimidate".

Suu Kyi did not say what changes were planned, but Myanmar officials have indicated that the law may be changed to enable judges to release on bail those charged under the law, diplomats have told Reuters.

Some Senior NLD members oppose changes to the law, which they defend as a tool for curbing hate speech and false news as internet access expands in Myanmar.

Suu Kyi's defenders say the Nobel Peace Prize winner - who spent years under house arrest for opposing army rule - is hamstrung by a military-drafted constitution that keeps the generals in politics and free from civilian oversight.

Last month, three journalists covering an event organised by an ethnic minority rebel group, that authorities have designated an "illegal organisation", were detained by the military and later arrested on suspicion of breaching a colonial-era Unlawful Associations Act.

A newspaper editor is also on trial under the telecoms law over a satirical article making fun of the military.

The cases have sparked outrage among the boisterous media community that has emerged in the commercial hub Yangon since the government lifted pre-publication censorship in 2012.

They have also prompted statements of concern from both the European Union and the United States.

When asked about the case of the three arrested reporters, Suu Kyi said it was "not for us to comment on ... how the various cases should be tried in the court - that's for the justice sector to take care of".

"This should not be seen very narrowly as three journalists against the army or vice versa, but in general, as to whether the existing laws are in line with our desire for justice and democratization," she said, without elaborating on her position.

The three journalists are due to appear in court in Shan State in the north of Myanmar on July 11. They face up to three years in prison.

(Reporting by Antoni Slodkowski; Editing by Robert Birsel)

~_~

President Rodrigo Duterte was preparing to make a deal with Islamic State-inspired militants in the days after they laid siege to a southern city, but as Reuters Martin Petty reports from the south, the Philippines' leader aborted the plan without explanation.

~_~

U.S. President Donald Trump took aim at what he calls America's "fake news" at a press conference with the Polish Prime Minister in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6). On Sunday (July 2) Trump tweeted a mock video of himself tackling and repeatedly striking a man with a CNN logo super-imposed in place of his head, followed by a logo saying "Fraud News Network". The president has repeatedly made known his disdain for the media, calling it "the enemy of the American people". On Thursday he said CNN has been covering him in a very dishonest way for a long time and slammed NBC for being just as bad - despite the fact that Trump "made them a fortune with The Apprentice". He said he wants to see "honest, beautiful, free, fair press".

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump once more urged NATO allies in Europe on Thursday (July 6) to spend more on defence, on a visit to Poland that had been billed as an opportunity for him to patch up relations after a tense alliance summit in May. He also said Washington was thinking about "severe things" in response to North Korea's test-launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile with the potential to reach Alaska. The White House had said Trump would use the stopover in Warsaw to showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which he once called "obsolete", bemoaning allies' repeated failure to spend the recommended 2 percent of GDP on defence.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. A fire at a luxury sports car dealership in Hamburg, site of the G20 summit, was most likely arson, the German city's fire department said on Thursday (July 6). Twelve Porsche cars were destroyed by fire in the early hours of the morning, according to local media and the fire department. Chancellor Angela Merkel is expected to welcome U.S. President Donald Trump later on Thursday before the meeting of the world's 20 most powerful nations begins a day later. Brazil and Saudi Arabia have cancelled their participation.

~_~

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. U.S. President Donald Trump met with Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw on Thursday (July 6), where the White House said he would showcase his commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in a speech and in meetings with a group of nations closest to Russia. Trump is making the whistle-stop trip to the Polish capital en route for a G20 summit in neighbouring Germany beginning on Friday (July 7). Aside from shoring up the U.S. relationship with NATO allies, the speech is symbolically significant given Poland's proximity to Russia and regional fears about Moscow's ambitions following its 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. Poland hopes to woo Trump with new investment opportunities in eastern Europe.

~_~

Men ride their bicycles in front of the Bhushan Steel plant in Odisha August 18, 2014. REUTERS/Stringer/Files

Bhushan Steel Ltd reported a March-quarter loss that was much bigger than stated earlier in its unaudited results, as the debt-laden steelmaker was hurt by higher costs.

Audited net loss for the quarter was 11.31 billion rupees ($174.7 million), compared with the unaudited 7.57 billion rupees loss reported in May, Bhushan Steel said late on Wednesday. bit.ly/2uMA0Mr

However, the fourth-quarter loss narrowed marginally from the 11.85 billion rupees loss it reported a year earlier.

Total expenses rose more than 18 percent to 59.94 billion rupees for the quarter. This was about 51 percent higher than the unaudited figure reported earlier.

The steelmaker said last month that a consortium of lenders had authorised State Bank of India to refer the company to the National Company Law Tribunal for insolvency proceedings.

In a bid to resolve the country's $150 billion stressed loan problem, the Reserve Bank of India in June had urged lenders to start bankruptcy proceedings against 12 large loan defaulters, including Bhushan Steel, sources had told Reuters.

($1 = 64.7500 Indian rupees)

(Reporting By Arnab Paul and Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)

~_~

MUMBAI A hike in taxes on gold sales in India could pressure short-term demand from the world's No.2 consumer of the metal, the World Gold Council (WGC) said in a report.

Faltering appetite in a country where gold is used in everything from investment to wedding gifts could drag further on global prices, already trading near their lowest level in 7-weeks.

"In the short-term at least, we believe (the tax) may pose challenges for the industry. Small-scale artisans and retailers with varying degrees of tax compliance may struggle to adapt," the WGC said in a report published on Thursday.

As part of a new nationwide sales tax regime that kicked in on July 1, the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on gold has jumped to 3 percent from 1.2 percent previously.

There have been fears the tax increase could stoke under-the-counter buying and drive up appetite for precious metal smuggled into India, where millions of people store chunks of their wealth in bullion and jewellery.

Meanwhile, the WGC also said a government move to ban cash transactions over 200,000 rupees ($3,090) from April 1 could hurt gold demand in rural areas where farmers often purchase the metal using cash due to limited access to cheques and electronic payment systems.

Two-thirds of India's gold demand comes from rural areas, where jewellery is a traditional store of wealth.

"(The transactions rule's) potential impact isn't entirely clear: it could curb gold purchases; it could encourage gold shoppers to buy smaller amounts of gold spread over more transactions; or it could push a large part of demand underground and encourage a black market in gold," said the WGC.

The group kept its demand estimate for India at 650 to 750 tonnes for 2017, well below average annual demand of 846 tonnes in the past five years.

In the long-term, the GST will have a positive effect on the gold industry by making the sector more transparent and improving the supply chain, the WGC added.

($1 = 64.7675 Indian rupees)

(Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav; Editing by Joseph Radford)

~_~

China's Vice Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao, attends a conference during the 2016 IIF G20 Conference at the financial district of Pudong in Shanghai, China, February 25, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song

HAMBURG Chinese enterprises are too reliant on bank finance because of their lack of capital market access, its vice finance minister said on Thursday, promising to continue pushing the financial sector to deleverage while developing alternative sources of finance.

Speaking on the eve of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Zhu Guangyao also said China was closely monitoring the global spillover from the U.S. Federal Reserve's ongoing normalisation of interest rates, promising continued "sound cooperation" with the monetary authority.

"If you look at the debt structure of China, neither household nor local government debt has exceeded 40 percent, but there are challenges in the debt of enterprises," he said. "That is why we need to push the development of a multi-tiered capital market. But we are confident there will be no systemic risks."

(Reporting By Thomas Escritt; Editing by Kevin Liffey)

~_~

Manchester United have agreed a 75 million pound ($97 million) deal for Everton striker Romelu Lukaku, a source close to the negotiations told Reuters on Thursday.

The move, which is not connected to any talks of a Wayne Rooney deal in the opposite direction, is expected to be formally announced within the next 36 hours.

Lukaku had been United's number one target for next season, the source said.

United will not now be pursuing any interest in Real Madrid's Alvaro Morata.

"Chelsea's interest in Lukaku allowed United to fly under the radar on this," the source said. "But he has been the club's number one target."

There had been much speculation that the Belgian international would return to Chelsea, which he joined in 2011.

Last season Lukaku became the first Everton player since Bob Latchford to score 25 goals in two consecutive seasons in all competitions.

The Belgian was named in the PFA Team of the Year for the first time, and was also included in the six player shortlists for the PFA Player of the Year and PFA Young Player of the Year awards.

(Editing by Louise Ireland)

~_~

LONDON Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will be out to complete unfinished business at Wimbledon on Thursday after both were denied a chance to savour match-point glory in their first-round matches.

When seven-times champion Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two, they will be hoping to put on an entertaining show from start to finish after Tuesday's fans were left feeling rather short-changed.

Djokovic, winner of three titles here, was leading Martin Klizan 6-3 2-0 when the injured Slovakian went up to shake hands with the Serb after calling time on the match with only 40 minutes on the clock.

Unbelievably for the Centre Court crowd, there were given a repeat performance just over an hour later when Federer's opponent Alexandr Dolgopolov also pulled out when trailing 3-6 0-3.

While the seven first-round withdrawals in the men's field left many questioning if players who are not fully fit should be allowed to start a tournament, on the women's side of the draw the competitors will be keen to live up to Agnieszka Radwanska's observation that "girls are really, really tough".

The 2012 finalist takes on American Christina McHale while last year's runner up Angelique Kerber, who has struggled to recapture the form that carried her to two grand slam titles last year, will be hoping she survives a tricky match against Belgian Kirsten Flipkens.

(Editing by Ed Osmond)

~_~

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 4, 2017 Czech Republic’s Karolina Pliskova celebrates winning the first round match against Russia’s Evgeniya Rodina REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

Tennis - Wimbledon - London, Britain - July 5, 2017 Czech Republic's Petra Kvitova in action during her second round match against USA's Madison Brengle REUTERS/Andrew Couldridge

LONDON The Czech challenge for the Wimbledon women's title may have lost Petra Kvitova but third-seed and bookmaker's favourite Karolina Pliskova will continue her bid on Thursday.

While threats of thunderstorms in SW19 could mean some delays to the programme on what could be a warm, muggy day, Pliskova will expect no disruption to her timetable.

Slovak Magdalena Rybarikova is an experienced campaigner, however, who is rebuilding her rankings after a series of injury woes and represents a tricky test on Centre Court.

Kvitova's attempt to repeat her triumphs in 2011 and 2014, ended with a second-round loss to 95th-ranked American Madison Brengle on Wednesday.

World number one Angelique Kerber is also in action, taking on Belgian veteran Kirsten Flipkens.

On the men's side, seven-times champion Roger Federer takes on Dusan Lajovic and Djokovic faces Adam Pavlasek in round two.

The pair will be looking to get a full game under their belts after their first round challenger both retired injured early in their contests on Tuesday.

(Reporting by Simon Evans; editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

South Korean President Moon Jae-in attends an interview with Reuters at the Presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/Files

SEOUL South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday dialogue with North Korea was more pressing than ever and a peace treaty to permanently end the Korean War must be signed by all parties to establish lasting peace on the peninsula.

Moon said in a speech in Berlin the North made a disappointing and misguided decision to conduct a test of a ballistic missile on Tuesday and it now faced the last chance to make the right choice.

"We do not wish for the collapse of North Korea and we will not pursue any form of unification by absorbing the other. We will not pursue unification by force," he said.

Moon is in Germany to attend a summit of G20 countries. The two Koreas remain in a technical state of war under an armistice ending the 1950-53 Korean War, signed by the North, the United States and China.

(Reporting by Christine Kim and Jack Kim in Seoul; Editing by Robert Birsel)

~_~

Turkey's Minister for EU Affairs Omer Celik reacts during an interview with Reuters in Ankara, Turkey, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas

ANKARA Turkey rejects any proposals to drop European Union accession talks in favour of cooperation in other areas, its EU Affairs Minister Omer Celik said on Thursday ahead of a European Parliament vote on suspending Turkey's membership bid.

Speaking during a visit to Ankara by EU enlargement commissioner Johannes Hahn, Celik said it was wrong for EU lawmakers to call for the suspension of Turkey's membership talks, adding such approaches would benefit neither side.

"We reject with the back of our hand any proposals that there should be strong cooperation between Turkey and the EU in other areas instead of accession talks," Celik told reporters.

On Wednesday, EU lawmakers called for a suspension of Turkey's membership talks with the European Union, saying President Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown on opponents meant Ankara did not meet the bloc's democratic criteria.

A vote on the proposal is expected to pass comfortably on Thursday, but the parliament has limited influence on the issue. The European Commission and EU governments have ignored calls for a formal suspension of a process already in limbo.

Turkey's ties with its European allies have deteriorated since last July's abortive putsch, with Turkey accusing some European states of not showing enough support.

"The European Parliament has failed in its solidarity with Turkey following the coup attempt. We had expected strong support, but the call to end membership talks instead is wrong," Celik said.

Relations soured further in the run-up to an April 16 referendum that narrowly handed Erdogan sweeping presidential powers, as tensions between Turkey and the bloc escalated when some European states barred Turkish ministers from delivering speeches to drum up support ahead of the vote.

In an interview on Wednesday, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told Reuters that Turkey was not responsible for the escalation of tensions between the two sides.

"Europe displaying inappropriate behaviour towards Turkey is not a situation we can accept. Being against our President Erdogan is also not a rational stance from Europe. Europe must decide: ... do they really want to enlarge?" Kurtulmus said.

EU commissioner Hahn said he hoped the interaction between the two sides would lead to a higher level of political dialogue.

"I don't know what will be decided, but I have to stress that the European Parliament is one of the institutions elected by the European citizens. Members of the European Parliament represent the view of their voters," Hahn said.

Kurtulmus said he believed sincere negotiations between the two parties would help resolve issues, and that Europe should take notice of the helping hand Turkey has extended.

EU leaders have been critical of Erdogan and his behaviour towards opponents, both before and after the abortive coup. But they do not want to undermine an agreement struck last year whereby Turkey effectively stopped migrants reaching Greece, easing a crisis that had threatened EU unity.

Celik said Turkey had noted the bloc's criticism regarding its judiciary and freedom of press and expression, but added the EU was blocking the process by not opening new chapters.

(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Daren Butler and Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Dominic Evans and Toby Chopra)

~_~

Leftist protesters vow to disrupt G20 summit in Hamburg

HAMBURG "Welcome to Hell". That's the greeting for U.S. President Donald Trump and other world leaders from anti-capitalist protesters in Hamburg, who have vowed to disrupt the G20 summit in the German port city.

~_~

FILE PHOTO - Computer software pioneer John McAfee speaks with reporters outside his hotel in Miami Beach, Florida December 13, 2012. REUTERS/Joe Skipper

NEW YORK John McAfee, the creator of eponymous antivirus computer software, has settled a lawsuit against Intel Corp (INTC.O) over his right to use his name on other projects after the chipmaker bought his former company.

U.S. District Judge Paul Oetken in Manhattan dismissed McAfee's September 2016 lawsuit and a countersuit by Intel on Wednesday, five days after a settlement agreement was signed.

McAfee said he sued after Intel warned him that using his name, including by renaming his digital gaming and cybersecurity company MGT Capital Investments Inc (MGTI.PK) as "John McAfee Global Technologies Inc," would infringe its trademarks.

Intel countered by accusing McAfee of trademark infringement and unfair competition, and sought unspecified damages.

Under the settlement, McAfee agreed not to use his name, trademark his name or the phrase "John McAfee Privacy Phone," or use "John McAfee Global Technologies" in connection with cybersecurity- and security-related products and services.

He retained the right in other contexts to use his name in advertising, promotions and presentations, including with regard to his role at McAfee Associates, which he sold to Intel for $7.7 billion in 2010.

Neither McAfee nor Intel admitted wrongdoing in agreeing to the settlement, which was amicable, according to court papers.

McAfee's lawyers did not immediately respond to requests for comment. A spokesman for Intel said the Santa Clara, California-based company was pleased to settle.

Intel spun off its cybersecurity division, now called McAfee LLC, in April, after agreeing to sell a 51 percent stake to private investment firm TPG Capital.

TPG later accepted a minority investment in the business from private equity firm Thoma Bravo.

Intel retained a 49 percent stake in McAfee, which the spinoff valued at $4.2 billion including debt.

John McAfee unsuccessfully sought the Libertarian Party's nomination for the U.S. presidency last year.

The case is McAfee et al v Intel Corp et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-06934.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; editing by Grant McCool)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Facebook logo is seen at a start-up companies gathering at Paris' Station F in Paris, France, January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer/File Photo

Facebook Inc, Twitter Inc and Snap Inc are seeking online rights to video highlights from Twenty-first Century Fox Inc for next year's soccer World Cup, Bloomberg reported on Thursday.

The companies have offered tens of millions of dollars for rights to video highlights for the Russia-hosted tournament that air in the United States, Bloomberg reported, citing two people familiar with the matter. (bloom.bg/2sso0Px)

Fox will retain rights to use highlights of the World Cup across its shows, Bloomberg reported, citing the people.

Social media companies have beefed up their focus on signing live-streaming sports deals as young audience increasingly rely on the internet to watch sports, ditching the traditional cable services.

Fox Sports said last month it partnered with Facebook to live-stream UEFA Champions League matches during the 2017-18 season.

Social media's growing interest in video, including sports, gives Fox a potential new source of revenue for the games as well as a tool to promote its coverage, Bloomberg said.

Twenty-first Century Fox, Facebook, Twitter, and Snap were not immediately available to comment outside regular U.S. business hours.

(Reporting by Amy Caren Daniel in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: Jia Yueting, co-founder and head of Le Holdings Co Ltd, also known as LeEco and formerly as LeTV, poses for a photo in front of a logo of his company after a Reuters interview at LeEco headquarters in Beijing, China April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo

HONG KONG The founder of China's struggling tech group LeEco, Jia Yueting, on Thursday pledged to take full responsibility for the company's debt troubles amid a deepening financial crisis and after some of the company's assets were frozen.

Jia, writing in a post on his public WeChat account, apologized for causing worry, pledged to pay back LeEco's debts and to stick to its ambitious electric vehicle project.

"Please give LeEco some time, please give LeEco car some time, we will pay back creditors, suppliers and any other debts," Jia wrote.

Concerns about Jia's position at LeEco were raised after Chinese newspapers reported this week that he was no longer LeEco's legal representative. Additionally, earlier this week $182 million of assets owned by Jia or the firm were frozen by a court in Shanghai.

The online record of China's national enterprise credit information publicity system does show that in June LeEco Holdings's legal representative changed from Jia to another company executive Wu Meng.

Jia pointed out in the WeChat post that he still has an important role at LeEco.

"I am still LeEco's executive director and largest shareholder, resigning from listed company CEO job and many other important roles is all aimed at making FF91 go to production and hit the market as soon as possible," Jia said, referring to LeEco's luxury electric car concept under Faraday Future in the US.

While many analysts said LeEco's expensive ambition in electric vehicles caused the biggest financial problem for the Netflix-to-Telsa-like conglomerate, Jia was emphatic in the post that LeEco remains committed to its car strategy, with its "dream to revolutionize the auto industry" remaining "undefeatible".

(Reporting by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Christiian)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A staff member walks in front of the headquarters of the People's Bank of China (PBOC), the central bank, in Beijing, June 25, 2013. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo

BEIJING China's central bank said on Thursday that it would strengthen its ability to adjust interest rates and improve the efficiency of its medium-term lending facility, standing lending facility and reverse repo operations in 2017.

In a report on financial market development in 2016, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) said it would increase the yuan's flexibility against the dollar, actively guide and stabilise market expectations and balance cross-border capital flows.

It would also study and steadily push forward financial regulatory reform and improve the stability of financial institutions, as well as appropriately deal with some high-risk institutions this year.

(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: A worker at a blast furnace at Europe's largest steel factory of Germany's industrial conglomerate ThyssenKrupp AG in Duisburg, Germany December 6, 2012. REUTERS/Ina Fassbender/File Photo

BERLIN Foreign demand helped German industrial orders rebound in May, albeit less than forecast, data showed on Thursday, and the Economy Ministry said it expected this sector of Europe's largest economy to continue gathering some momentum.

Factories registered a 1.0 percent increase in orders in May after contracts for 'Made in Germany' goods dropped by a downwardly revised 2.2 percent in April, data from the Economy Ministry showed.

The reading for May undershot the Reuters forecast for a 2.0 percent rise, with the Economy Ministry saying the proportion of bulk orders was below average for May.

"The German industrial sector is back in form and the decline in April was likely a one-off," said Dirk Schlotboeller, an economist at Germany's Chambers of Commerce (DIHK).

"Although increasing protectionism around the world is dampening the mood, business is going extremely well in Europe, Asia and also in the USA," he said, adding that investment was finally picking up.

But others were less optimistic, with Alexander Krueger, economist at Bankhaus Lampe KG, saying the data was disappointing in view of bullish sentiment indicators such as Ifo, which showed business morale hitting a record high in June.

Bookings for capital goods picked up but factories making consumer and intermediate goods saw a downturn in demand.

A breakdown of the May data showed domestic demand tumbled by 1.9 percent while foreign orders climbed by 3.1 percent, with orders from outside the euro zone surging by 4.0 percent.

On the less volatile two-month comparison, orders declined by 1.1 percent but the Economy Ministry said the average order level for the April-May period was roughly at the same level as the strong first quarter.

The data comes on the heels of a survey showing German manufacturing growth reached its highest level in more than six years in June as orders surged and manufacturers were increasingly optimistic about the outlook for production.

Other recent indicators also bode well for the sector, with data from the VDMA industry association showing engineering contracts jumping 17 percent in May from the previous year.

Germany's central bank and leading economic institutes have raised their estimates for German gross domestic product (GDP)growth for this year and next, pointing to a broad-based and self-reinforcing upswing propelled by vibrant domestic demand.

But the government remains more cautious, forecasting growth of 1.5 percent in 2017 and 1.6 percent in 2018. This would be below the 1.9 percent in 2016, which was the strongest rate in five years.

(Additional reporting by Rene Wagner; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Michael Nienaber and Toby Chopra)

~_~

BEIJING A raft of Chinese data in coming weeks is expected to show steady growth in the world's second-biggest economy, but government measures to rein in the housing market and debt risks are likely to drag on activity over the next few quarters.

Many analysts say Beijing's deleverging campaign will pressure growth as the property sector cools in response to policy curbs, even as top leaders have pledged to maintain economic stability ahead of a key party meeting later this year.

"We expect June's data release to show overall steady growth with industrial production momentum maintained," economists at UBS said in a research note.

"Slower credit growth and higher funding costs due to supervisory tightening are expected to have an effect on fixed-asset investment and activities later in the year."

China's industrial output is seen up 6.5 percent in June from a year earlier, matching the rise in May, according to a Reuters poll of 34 economists.

Retail sales were expected to grow 10.6 percent, easing slightly from a 10.7 percent rise in May, while fixed-asset investment was predicted to increase 8.5 percent in January-June from a year earlier, versus a rise of 8.6 percent in the first five months, the poll showed.

Authorities have tightened rules to force banks to deleverage - as part of steps to control debt risks, pushing up money market rates that have started to spill over into the real economy.

Moody's Investors Service downgraded its credit rating in May, saying it expects the country's financial strength will erode in coming years as growth slows and debt continues to rise.

Policy insiders say the central bank will hold off on further monetary policy tightening and could even slightly loosen its grip in the coming months to support economic growth and job creation.

China's exports are seen up 8.7 percent in June from a year earlier, while imports are set for a 13.1 percent rise, according to the Reuters poll, producing a trade surplus of $42.4 billion.

China's exports rose a stronger than expected 8.7 percent in May as global demand improved, while imports jumped 14.8 percent despite falling commodity prices.

GDP PUZZLE

China will release second-quarter gross domestic product(GDP) on July 17, along with June industrial output, retail sales and January-June fixed asset investment.

Analysts are awaiting a few other June data releases before fine-tuning their April-June GDP forecasts, though some expect it will be slightly weaker than the solid first quarter pace of 6.9 percent.

Both the official and private factory surveys painted a robust picture for June thanks to stronger demand, though even here signs of stress were evident in median and small firms.

China's producer price index (PPI)) is tipped to rise 5.5 percent in June from a year earlier, flat from May when factory gate inflation eased for the third straight month on tumbling raw materials prices.

The consumer price index (CPI) is seen up 1.5 percent year-on-year in June, also matching that in May, when consumer inflation quickened from April's 1.2 percent.

Beijing is targeting consumer inflation at 3 percent this year, unchanged from 2016.

Besides the campaign to reduce high levels of debt across the economy, authorities have also been busy trying to stabilize the yuan by curbing capital outflows.

That seems to have paid off with the currency pushing higher against the dollar in recent months. And China's foreign exchange reserves are expected to edge up in June to $3.06 trillion, rising for a fifth consecutive month as capital curbs and a weakening dollar helped staunch money outflows.

China is due to announce foreign exchange reserves data on Friday, followed by inflation and trade data on Monday and Thursday respectively, while loan and money data is expected anytime from July 10-15.

LOANS SEEN UP AMID SHADOW BANKING CRACKDOWN

Loan data will also be closely watched for signs of whether the economy continued to build up more debt, amid signs that banks have shifted more credit back onto their books in response to the shadow financing clampdown.

Chinese banks are seen extending 1.2 trillion yuan ($176.47 billion) in new loans in June, up from 1.11 trillion yuan in May.

Combined trust loans, entrusted loans and undiscounted bankers' acceptances, which are common forms of shadow banking activity, fell sharply to 28.9 billion yuan in May from 177 billion yuan in April, according to Reuters calculations based on central bank data.

(Reporting by Kevin Yao and Shaloo Shrivastava)

~_~

The Hague A decision on whether to open a formal investigation of potential war crimes committed in Afghanistan since 2003, including possible wrongdoing by U.S. personnel, has been delayed, International Criminal Court prosecutors told Reuters.

The decision on an investigation, which ICC Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda had said was "imminent" in November, was pushed back after prosecutors received "substantial" new information from Kabul.

In an email, Bensouda's office said it had received a large amount of new information from the government of Afghanistan that could influence her decision.

In a preliminary examination, ICC prosecutors identified what it called "potential cases" among three groups of alleged perpetrators: the Taliban and its affiliates, the Afghan authorities and members of the U.S. armed forces and the Central Intelligence Agency.

A formal investigation into whether crimes were committed by U.S. personnel in Afghanistan would hurt already tenuous relations between the ICC and the United States, which is not a member of the court and has in the past vehemently opposed it.

Bensouda's November report "triggered reaction, notably from the government of Afghanistan, which subsequently submitted substantial information to the office earlier this year," prosecutors said in the email.

That information, which probably covered local prosecutions of alleged crimes, is now being carefully reviewed. The ICC only has jurisdiction in situations where a member state such as Afghanistan is unwilling or unable to undertake prosecutions itself.

"When this review is completed, the prosecutor will make a final decision on whether to request the pre-trial chamber authorisation to commence an investigation," the prosecutor’s office said. It gave no timetable.

"This has to be seen as a step down by the prosecutor’s office," said Kevin Jon Heller, an expert on the ICC and international law at Amsterdam University.

"It is very rare for Bensouda to say a decision is imminent and then not to follow through: her statements are usually carefully measured and deliberate," he said.

All NATO members contributed to the International Security Assistance Force mission to Afghanistan that ran from 2001 until last year. Forces from the United States and other countries remain in the country on a NATO training exercise.

(Reporting by Stephanie van den Berg. Editing by Toby Sterling, Larry King.)

~_~

QUETTA, Pakistan Gunmen on Thursday shot and killed a Pakistani regional political party leader in the city of Quetta, police said, the latest violence in the southwestern province of Baluchistan.

Malik Naveed, 38, and his guard, Mohammad Zareef, 42, died en route to hospital after gunmen riding two motorcycles attacked his car shortly after he had left his home, Superintendent of Police Ashraf Jattak said.

One of Naveed's relatives, who was with him in the car, was wounded.

Naveed is one of the leaders of the opposition Baluchistan National Party, which advocates for more funds from the province's rich natural resources to go to the indigenous ethnic Baluch people.

No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.

Baluchistan province, of which Quetta is the capital, has long been home to an insurgency by the nationalist and separatist groups, who accuse the central government of discrimination in distribution of revenues from oil, gas and minerals.

Taliban and al Qaeda militants, as well as Islamic State-aligned Sunni sectarian groups also operate in the province, which borders Afghanistan and Iran.

Violence in Baluchistan has raised concerns about security for projects related to the $57 billion China Pakistan Economic Corridor, a planned transport and energy link between western China to Pakistan's southern deep-water port of Gwadar.

(Writing by Kay Johnson; Editing by Robert Birsel)

~_~

ISLAMABAD Pakistani Finance Minister Ishaq Dar said on Thursday the government will launch an inquiry into why the rupee plunged 3.1 percent a day earlier and said a new central bank governor would be appointed within two days.

Dar said there was no justification for such a sharp drop, contradicting a statement by the country's central bank, which backed Wednesday's fall in the rupee and said an exchange rate of 108.25 against the dollar would ease balance of payments pressures.

Analysts said the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) had effectively allowed the Pakistani rupee PKR= to devalue by 3.1 percent after nearly two years of being stable at about 104-105 rupees to the dollar.

Pakistan's government has long resisted calls to allow the rupee to weaken, and Wednesday's sharp drop appeared to come as a surprise.

Dar said the government will "take actions" after the inquiry report is received, but did not specify what steps might be taken.

"I don't believe that any individual has this kind of authority to make such a big decision to make an artificial adjustment, and I am calling this artificial," he added.

The minister also said a new central bank governor would be appointed either tonight or on Friday. He did not say if Riaz Riazuddin, the acting governor will be in the running for the job.

(Reporting by Saad Sayeed and Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Richard Borsuk)

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

North Korea said its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which some experts believe has the range to reach Alaska and the Pacific Northwest of the U.S., can carry a large nuclear warhead.

~_~

UK wants trade with EU to be as frictionless as possible - May's spokesman

Britain is seeking a comprehensive free trade and customs agreement with the European Union which will allow trade to be as frictionless as possible once it has left the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says authorities should not dictate where financial firms are located once Britain leaves the European Union - but strong regulatory agreements will be needed.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says authorities should not dictate where financial firms are located once Britain leaves the European Union - but strong regulatory agreements will be needed.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says authorities should not dictate where financial firms are located once Britain leaves the European Union - but strong regulatory agreements will be needed.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

Michelin unveils what it says is the tyre of the future - a 3D-printed tyre-wheel combination that could be altered and customised based on driving needs

~_~

Andrew Bailey, Chief Financial Officer for the UK's Financial Conduct Authority says open markets and free trade aren't necessarily tied to the membership of the European Union and as result restrictions should not be considered inevitable.

▲ Hide Transcript

▶ View Transcript

~_~

FRANKFURT Deutsche Bank is evaluating whether to move a large part of its securities trading business from London to Frankfurt or elsewhere in Europe as it prepares for Britain's exit from the European Union, a source told Reuters on Thursday.

Germany's largest lender is considering creating a booking center for non-UK transactions which are currently reported through London, the person said on condition of anonymity because talks are ongoing and the plans not yet finalised.

Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) will make changes as Brexit negotiations unfold, but the bank is preparing for a worst-case Brexit scenario that could entail a loss of so-called passporting rights between Britain and the EU, the person said.

Bloomberg News first reported details of plans for the booking center on Wednesday.

A handful of banks have recently said that they were setting up subsidiaries in Frankfurt as they prepare for Brexit, including Nomura Holdings Inc (8604.T) and Daiwa Securities Group (8601.T).

It remains unclear how many of its staff could be moved in the implementation of such a plan over the next 18 months and Deutsche Bank is also exploring the option of transferring some roles to Berlin or other financial capitals in Europe.

However, Deutsche Bank board member Sylvie Matherat suggested in April that it could move as many as 4,000 employees out of London as a result of Brexit.

Its annual report showed it employed 8,575 people in Britain out of 99,744 worldwide at the end of 2016, with about 5 billion euros in revenue coming from the UK out of 30 billion globally.

Deutsche Bank has signaled a vote of confidence in the British capital despite Brexit, informing staff in March that it had chosen a new office for its London headquarters slated to open in 2023.

(Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Maria Sheahan and Alexander Smith)

~_~

FILE PHOTO: An oil pump is seen operating in the Permian Basin near Midland, Texas, U.S. on May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Ernest Scheyder/File Photo

LONDON Oil recovered from a heavy fall while European stocks and bonds were in the red on Thursday, as markets waited to see if ECB meeting minutes would give clues on the bank's next moves.

The Federal Reserve gave mixed signals on Wednesday.

Market were sandwiched between what had been the largely inconclusive Fed minutes and Friday's U.S. jobs data and the start of a G20 summit that has risen in importance following this week's long-range missile test by North Korea.

The euro and the dollar were flat against each other but South Africa's rand, Turkish lira and Russian rouble buckled again after a wave of emerging market selling on Wednesday.

Bond yields, which drive global borrowing costs, were pushing higher again with benchmark U.S. Treasuries up for the sixth day in the last seven at just over 2.34 percent.

European yields and southern euro zone ones in particular were up too as investors waited to see whether the ECB would signal it is closer towards unwinding extraordinary stimulus after the Fed's minutes had shown it was still split.

"They want the process to look like paint drying," Charles Schwab UK managing director Kully Samra said of the Fed's stimulus reduction. "The S&P 500 is up 9 percent this year, so we are discouraging our clients to do anything dramatic."

Brent oil was at $48.35 a barrel in early European trading as it recovered 1 percent of the 4 percent lost on Wednesday after rising OPEC exports had raised fresh questions about the group's plans to cut back supply.

Gold was off 0.2 percent at $1,224.24 per ounce though it was up from an eight-week low of $1,217.14 it had hit the previous day.

The dollar meanwhile was stalled at 113.32 Japanese yen as it consolidated a near 1 percent gain this week and was also hovering at $1.13495 per euro.

Traders were wary of making any sudden moves before a flurry of U.S. data later, which includes ADP employment, ISM non-manufacturing PMI and the initial jobless claims report, all of which are appetizers ahead of Friday's Payrolls numbers.

Overnight in Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan ended down 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei slipped 0.5 percent as a stronger yen depressed the outlook for export earnings.

Trading in Asia has been buffeted this week by tensions on the Korean peninsula after North Korea fired a missile, which U.S. officials concluded was an intercontinental ballistic missile, into Japanese waters.

In Europe, earnings were back in focus. The pan-European STOXX 600 was down 0.2 percent ahead of the ECB's minutes. Euro zone blue chips and Britain's FTSE 100 were down a similar amount.

(Additional reporting by Nichola Saminather in Singapore)

~_~

A worker shelters from the rain as he passes the London Stock Exchange in the City of London at lunchtime October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo

LONDON Attention focussed on earnings on Thursday, with a 5 percent rise in AB Foods (ABF.L) leading a steady FTSE 100 .FTSE index which was supported by the retail and housebuilding sectors.

AB Foods rose after reporting a better outlook thanks to an improved performance from budget clothing chain Primark, with Marks & Spencer (MKS.L) following it higher with a 1.8 percent rise, although Next (NXT.L) fell as it went ex-dividend.

"Some people have been thinking that the consumer is just going to go completely underground, but the evidence is that good companies that have the right offer at the right price can grow very strongly," Jonathan Pritchard, retail analyst at Peel Hunt said.

Investors and analysts expect British consumers to swap to cheaper goods as inflation rises, something that could help low-margin companies offering budget prices offset higher import costs as a result of sterling's weakness.

"AB Foods have found more mitigation than they expected and that's because they have got volume growth, which helps their bargaining position with suppliers," Pritchard added.

Elsewhere, Reckitt Benckiser cut its growth forecast in a surprise update, after the consumer goods firm was targeted in a worldwide attack which crippled computers at several multinational companies on June 27.

Reckitt, which sells Durex condoms and Dettol disinfectants was the worst-performing on the FTSE, down 2.1 percent.

Research shows cyber security breaches can erode companies' share prices permanently.

Basic resources, often a support for the blue chip index, edged down on the day, with miner Antofagasta (ANTO.L) the worst performer after a downgrade to 'sell' from UBS.

But healthcare stocks supported the index as Shire (SHP.L) gained after HSBC upgraded it to 'hold' from 'reduce'.

Housebuilders, strong outperformers in the previous session, rose again after mid-cap Bovis Homes' (BVS.L) first-half results added to signs of resilience. The firm said it would spend an extra 3.5 million pounds to tackle problems related to the quality of its homes.

Bovis gained 1.7 percent, lifting Persimmon (PSN.L), Taylor Wimpey (TW.L) and Barratt Development (BDEV.L).

Merger and acquisition news drove gains on the small-cap index .FTSC, which outperformed larger stocks.

Novae Group (NVA.L) jumped up to 23 percent after the insurer agreed to be taken over by AXIS Capital (AXS.N), a Bermuda-based speciality lines insurer and reinsurer, for 468 million pounds ($605 million) in cash.

Top Novae shareholder Neptune said the offer undervalues the firm.

(Editing by Alexander Smith)

~_~

Traders work in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, July 4, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote

MILAN European shares inched lower on Thursday though a series of earnings updates grabbed the focus with Reckitt Benckiser and Sodexo leading fallers after both companies cut their guidance.

The pan-European STOXX 600 and euro zone blue chips were down 0.1 percent by 0820 GMT, while UK's FTSE 100 inched up 0.1 percent.

Reckitt fell 2.1 percent, making it the biggest weight on the STOXX.

The UK consumer goods group cut its growth forecast after a global cyber attack last month disrupted business in multiple markets.

"We would not see weakness in the share price today as a buying opportunity. Reckitt's markets are likely to have remained sluggish, with peers signaling no pick up here," Investec said as it cut their price target on the stock.

Sodexo, the world's second-biggest catering services firm after Compass Group, also cut its sales growth goal after weaker-than-expected third quarter results, sending its stock down 5.2 percent to a 14-week low.

Compass shares were down 0.9 percent.

Some earning updates struck a more positive note.

Associated British Foods rose 4.4 percent, topping gainers in Europe, after the company said its full-year outlook had marginally improved after a better-than-expected performance from its Primark clothing chain.

"The key divisional figure in this statement, as has become the norm with ABF, is Primark sales growth," Morgan Stanley said.

In the banking sector, Commerzbank rose 1.2 percent after a Bloomberg report said that buy-out firm Cerberus is considering buying a minority stake in the German lender through purchases on the market.

The broader banking sector, recently underpinned by talk of tightening monetary policy conditions, was flat ahead of the release later in the day of the minutes of the European Central Bank's last policy meeting.

The minutes could provide more clues about future plans of euro zone rate-setters, possibly affecting rate-sensitive sectors like banks and utilities, which also were flat.

Meanwhile Italian banks rose 0.7 percent, continuing to outperform after a series of deals in the last two weeks which have restored confidence in the sector's prospects.

Italy's economy minister, Pier Carlo Padoan, said there were no more "brushfires" threatening other banks after the government wound down two Veneto-based last month in a deal that could cost the state up to 17 billion euros. .

Elsewhere price action was drive by broker moves with media companies Mediaset Espana and Prosiebensa t down 2.9 percent and X percent respectively after JPMorgan downgraded both companies.

Denmark-based hearing aid manufacturer William Demant rose 2.6 percent after a Credit Suisse upgrade to "neutral".

(Reporting by Danilo; Editing by Raissa Kasolowsky)

~_~

UK Stocks-Factors to watch on July 6

Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 1 point lower at 7366.2, on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND: Royal Bank of Scotland could reach a settlement with US regulators this week over the mis-selling of toxic mortgage bonds, Sky news reported on Wednesday. * EASYJET: easyJet CEO Carolyn McCall has emerged as a top contender to be the new chief executive of ITV, The Guardian reported on Wednesday. * SAINSBURY: Supermar

~_~

(Adds company news, futures)

July 6 Britain's FTSE 100 futures were up 0.1 percent ahead of the cash market open.

* ASSOCIATED BRITISH FOODS: Associated British Foods said on Thursday its outlook for the full 2016-17 year had marginally improved after a better-than-expected performance from its Primark clothing chain in its latest quarter.

* RECKITT BENCKISER: British consumer goods group Reckitt Benckiser downgraded its growth forecast on Thursday after a global cyber attack last month disrupted the manufacture and distribution of its products to customers in multiple markets.

* BOVIS: British housebuilder Bovis, which was subject to two failed takeover bids earlier this year after it warned on profits, said it had earmarked an additional 3.5 million pounds ($4.5 million) to fix problems related to its homes.

* JUST EAT: Online food delivery company Just Eat Plc said on Thursday Peter Plumb, the former chief executive of price comparison site operator Moneysupermarket.com Group Plc, had been named its CEO.

* NOVAE: Lloyd's of London insurer Novae Group Plc said it had agreed to be taken over by AXIS Capital, a Bermuda-based specialty lines insurer and reinsurer for 467.6 million pounds ($605.07 million) in cash.

* ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND: Royal Bank of Scotland could reach a settlement with US regulators this week over the mis-selling of toxic mortgage bonds, Sky news reported on Wednesday.

* EASYJET: easyJet CEO Carolyn McCall has emerged as a top contender to be the new chief executive of ITV, The Guardian reported on Wednesday.

* SAINSBURY: Supermarket group Sainsbury faced protests from shareholders and campaign groups at its annual meeting in London on Wednesday over plans to drop Fairtrade tea, the Guardian reported on Wednesday. bit.ly/2uM9UZW

* EU-INSURANCE: The European Union's insurance industry regulator called on Wednesday for a harmonised scheme to deal with failing insurers, saying it would enhance financial stability and protect policyholders.

* BRITAIN-EU/FINANCE: Britain will lose its status as Europe's top financial centre unless it keeps borders open to specialist staff, improves infrastructure and expands links with emerging economies, TheCityUK said in a report published on Thursday.

* USA-FED/MINUTES: United States Federal Reserve policymakers were increasingly split on the outlook for inflation and how it might affect the future pace of interest rate rises, according to the minutes of the Fed's last policy meeting on June 13-14 released on Wednesday.

* LONDON-COPPER: London copper steadied on Thursday near one-week lows, underpinned by a strike threat in Chile and a weaker dollar.

* GOLD: Gold held steady on Thursday, after hitting an eight-week low in the previous session, as the Federal Reserve minutes released on Wednesday showed the central bank was split on how inflation might affect the future pace of interest rate hikes.

* OIL: Oil prices nudged higher on Thursday on strong demand in the United States, but analysts cautioned that oversupply would continue to drag on markets.

* EX-DIVS: Burberry, Next will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 1.33 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations

* The UK blue chip index closed 0.14 percent higher at 7357.23 points on Wednesday, bolstered by buoyant housebuilders after a strong trading update from Persimmon, as strength in consumer staples underpinned gains.

* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets

TODAY'S UK PAPERS

> Financial Times

> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Justin George Varghese; Editing by Sunil Nair)

~_~

Oxford BioMedica wins big contract for Novartis cell therapy

Novartis has signed a major contract with Oxford BioMedica that could earn the British company more than $100 million over three years for supplying the Swiss drugmaker with material for its novel cell therapy CTL019.

~_~

Global demand for air travel rose 7.7 percent in May as almost all regions, excluding the Middle East and North America, posted record-high May load factors, the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said on Thursday.

Middle East carriers had a 3.7 percent rise in demand in May compared to a year ago, close to an eight-year low, with IATA saying that reflected the ban on large portable electronics devices in the cabin from 10 airports in the region to the United States, plus uncertainty over President Trump's proposed travel bans.

Qatar Airways on Thursday joined Emirates [EMIRA.UL], Turkish Airlines (THYAO.IS) and Etihad in saying the ban had been lifted.

Overall, IATA said global capacity measured in available seat kilometers rose 6.1 percent, slower than demand. That meant load factors - a measure of how full planes are - increased 1.2 percentage points to 80.1 percent, which IATA said was a record for the month.

"The rising price of fuel and other input costs is likely to see airlines' ability to stimulate markets with lower fares taper over the coming months," IATA Director General Alexandre de Juniac said.

(Reporting by Daria Kowalewska; Editing by Victoria Bryan)

~_~

PRECIOUS-Gold inches down on firmer dollar ahead of Yellen speech

Gold edged down on Tuesday on a firmer dollar ahead of a speech by Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, which may give clues on the pace of possible interest rate hikes by the U.S. central bank. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold had fallen 0.2 percent to $1,241.11 per ounce by 0046 GMT. It hit a near six-week low of $1,236.46 in the previous session. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery dropped 0.3 percent to $1,241.90 per ounce.

~_~

* Fed minutes show split on U.S. inflation outlook * Dollar pares gains after Fed minutes released * N.Korean missile launch prompts short-lived rally * Silver at 6-month lows, platinum at 8-week low (Updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Peter Hobson NEW YORK/LONDON, July 5 Gold steadied on Wednesday, after Federal Reserve minutes showed a growing split among policymakers on the inflation outlook and the dollar pared gains, lifting the precious metal above an eight-week low reached earlier in the session. The minutes showed the central bank was split on how inflation might affect the future pace of interest rate increases. "We changed our call for the next Fed hike by moving it to December (from September) and the June Fed minutes seem to confirm that the September meeting will instead be used to announce the start of the run-off of the central bank's balance sheet," said Avery Shenfeld, chief economist for CIBC Capital Markets, in a note. Spot gold was down 0.02 percent at $1,223.37 an ounce by 3:08 p.m. EDT (1908 GMT), after touching $1,217.14, the lowest since May 10. A missile launch by North Korea prompted only a brief rally for gold, seen as a safe haven in times of uncertainty. U.S. gold futures for August delivery settled at $1,221.70, up 0.2 percent from Monday's settlement following a U.S. holiday on Tuesday. The dollar index was little changed after rising 0.3 percent. A stronger greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, and higher bond yields raise the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion. "We've seen the dollar rebound from recent lows and treasury yields moving higher. That is a very powerful driver of the gold market," Julius Baer analyst Carsten Menke said. Though yields eased later on Wednesday, they have risen sharply in recent weeks as several central banks signaled that they would tighten monetary policy, while Fed officials appeared undeterred by weak economic data and low inflation. That has caused gold prices to tumble more than 3 percent from a high of $1,258.81 on June 23. Investors were also looking ahead to U.S. employment data on Friday that could influence the pace of rate rises. In other precious metals, silver fell as low as $15.84, the weakest since December. Platinum dropped to a low of $896.25 per ounce, the lowest since May 9. Strong technical support from Fibonacci retracement and previous lows was between $902.39 and $890.49, analysts at JPMorgan said in a note. "(This) could potentially provide a base for a broader recovery if not a new up-trend," they said. Palladium was down 1.3 percent at $840.70 an ounce. (Additional reporting by Nithin Prasad and Vijaykumar Vedala in Bengaluru. Editing by Jane Merriman and Elaine Hardcastle)

~_~

G20 summit to strengthen multilateral cooperation - Merkel

The G20 summit in Germany should strengthen international cooperation and Berlin remains committed to the implementation of a major climate protection agreement, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday on the eve of the gathering in Hamburg.

~_~

German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong during a press statement ahead of their meeting at the Chancellory in Berlin, Germany, July 6, 2017. REUTERS/Michele Tantussi

BERLIN The G20 summit in Germany should strengthen international cooperation and Berlin remains committed to the implementation of a major climate protection agreement, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday on the eve of the gathering in Hamburg.

"We're united in our will to strengthen multilateral relations at the G20 summit, that we need an open society, especially open trade flows," Merkel said during a joint news conference with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.

Merkel added that both countries also supported the implementation of the Paris climate protection agreement - a major international pact of which U.S. President Donald Trump announced the U.S. withdrawal.

Lee said Singapore and Germany were both strongly committed to an open international trading system, adding that he expected a free trade agreement with the European Union to be signed soon.

(Reporting by Michael Nienaber and Michelle Martin; Editing by Madeline Chambers)

~_~

UPDATE 3-Hawkish Bank of England sends sterling above $1.30

Sterling rose above $1.30 for the first time in five weeks on Thursday, with investors taking stock of increasing signs the Bank of England is looking at tightening monetary policy.

~_~

Sample polymer five and ten GB pound banknotes are seen on display at the Bank of England in London September 10, 2013. REUTERS/Chris Ratcliffe/pool

LONDON Sterling steadied in a quiet morning of trading on Thursday, with a run of weaker British economic data failing to deter investors from bets that the Bank of England will hike interest rates in the coming months.

Though the pound has weakened a little this week as purchasing managers' index (PMI) surveys have pointed to a cooling economy, it is still only around a cent away from nine-month highs hit against the dollar in May.

It was flat on Thursday at $1.2935 and at 87.74 pence per euro.

Its recent strength, say analysts, is largely down to expectations of monetary tightening from the BoE, with some investors betting on a rate hike as soon as next month.

Analysts from Morgan Stanley wrote in a note to clients that despite data pointing to weakness following June's parliamentary elections they were "loving" sterling, and noted that "soft" indicators such as PMI surveys had also dipped immediately after last year's Brexit vote, before recovering.

"Our sterling optimism finds its sterling in what we call ‘Brexit economics’ and the BoE reconsidering GBP weakness and its impact on the economy," they wrote.

"Sterling weakness has undermined living standards, and with inflation above the BoE’s 2 percent target and its own staff projections, stabilisation should now be on the BoE’s agenda. Talking up rate expectations is a sufficient tool to reach this target."

A number of BoE policymakers, including Governor Mark Carney, have spoken in recent weeks in favour of soon reversing last year's interest rate cut, which followed Britain's vote to leave the European Union.

The hawkish remarks have helped the pound to reverse the 2 percent drop against the dollar that came after a snap election on June 8 left no party with a clear majority.

But some investors are still anxious about Britain's economic prospects as it negotiates its way out of the EU, and about political instability.

"The BoE is the toughest call because the UK economy has outperformed and inflation has ramped up. However, the odds that Brexit leads to economic underperformance seem high enough to make us wonder how much of a bad streak the BoE would be willing to contemplate before taking hikes off the table," wrote Steven Englander, head of research at hedge fund Rafiki Capital.

"Carney's hiking comment in Sintra was pretty conditional at the end of the day," he added, referring to the BoE governor's saying that a rate rise was likely to be needed as the economy comes closer to running at full capacity, and that the central bank would debate when to do so "in the coming months".

(Editing by Andrew Roche)

~_~

FOREX-Dollar rises as short bets unwound before data

The dollar rose its highest levels in nearly two months against the Japanese yen on Wednesday as investors reduced bearish bets against the greenback before data this week sheds more light on the ongoing recovery in the U.S. economy.

~_~

A U.S. Dollar note is seen in this June 22, 2017 illustration photo. REUTERS/Thomas White/Illustration

LONDON The dollar's bounce stalled on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy minutes failed to provide a clear picture of future interest rate increases, although investors were reluctant to add bearish bets before some key U.S. data.

Federal Reserve policymakers were increasingly split on the outlook for inflation and how it might affect the future pace of interest rate rises, according to the minutes of the Fed's last policy meeting on June 13-14 released on Wednesday.

"The latest Fed minutes indicate that (Chair) Janet Yellen is preparing the ground work for unwinding its balance sheet at the end of the year and markets aren't expecting large interest rate increases for now," said David Madden, markets analyst at CMC Markets in London.

The dollar was broadly flat at 113.32 Japanese yen in early trading after rising more than 1 percent this week. It was at $1.13495 per euro.

Analysts were wary of adding bearish positions against the dollar before U.S. data on tap later in the day which includes ADP employment, ISM non-manufacturing PMI and the initial jobless claims report.

Also the dollar's continued strength against emerging market currencies such as the South African rand and Turkey's lira would deter short sellers.

Stronger-than-expected non-farm payrolls data on Friday would mean the dollar may find some support around current levels.

Investors will also look to comments from San Francisco Fed President John Williams and Fed Board Governor Jerome Powell for their potential impact on U.S. yields.

In terms of trading ranges, the dollar index is comfortably within recent established ones with the basket of currencies holding below a 20-day moving average it broke below last week.

Markets were also waiting for the European Central Bank's June policy meeting minutes due later on Thursday. ECB executive board member Peter Praet is also scheduled to take part in a conference in Paris.

(Additional reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro and the TOKYO markets team)

~_~
